---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "launchdarkly_environment Data Source - launchdarkly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a LaunchDarkly environment data source.
  This data source allows you to retrieve environment information from your LaunchDarkly organization.
---

# launchdarkly_environment (Data Source)

Provides a LaunchDarkly environment data source.

This data source allows you to retrieve environment information from your LaunchDarkly organization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "launchdarkly_environment" "example" {
  key         = "example-env"
  project_key = "example-project"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `key` (String) The project-unique key for the environment.
- `project_key` (String) The environment's project key.

### Read-Only

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) The environment's SDK key.
- `approval_settings` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--approval_settings))
- `client_side_id` (String, Sensitive) The environment's client-side ID.
- `color` (String)
- `confirm_changes` (Boolean) Set to `true` if this environment requires confirmation for flag and segment changes. This field will default to `false` when not set.
- `default_track_events` (Boolean) Set to `true` to enable data export for every flag created in this environment after you configure this argument. This field will default to `false` when not set. To learn more, read [Data Export](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/home/data-export).
- `default_ttl` (Number) The TTL for the environment. This must be between 0 and 60 minutes. The TTL setting only applies to environments using the PHP SDK. This field will default to `0` when not set. To learn more, read [TTL settings](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/home/organize/environments#ttl-settings).
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `mobile_key` (String, Sensitive) The environment's mobile key.
- `name` (String)
- `require_comments` (Boolean) Set to `true` if this environment requires comments for flag and segment changes. This field will default to `false` when not set.
- `secure_mode` (Boolean) Set to `true` to ensure a user of the client-side SDK cannot impersonate another user. This field will default to `false` when not set.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags associated with your resource.

<a id="nestedatt--approval_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `approval_settings`

Read-Only:

- `can_apply_declined_changes` (Boolean)
- `can_review_own_request` (Boolean)
- `min_num_approvals` (Number)
- `required` (Boolean)
- `required_approval_tags` (List of String)
