docs/data-sources/feature_flag.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "launchdarkly_feature_flag Data Source - launchdarkly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a LaunchDarkly feature flag data source.
  This data source allows you to retrieve feature flag information from your LaunchDarkly organization.
---

# launchdarkly_feature_flag (Data Source)

Provides a LaunchDarkly feature flag data source.

This data source allows you to retrieve feature flag information from your LaunchDarkly organization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Example: Get feature flag information including linked views
data "launchdarkly_feature_flag" "example" {
  project_key = "example-project"
  key         = "example-flag"
}

# The feature flag data source now includes discovery of linked views
output "flag_details" {
  value = {
    name        = data.launchdarkly_feature_flag.example.name
    description = data.launchdarkly_feature_flag.example.description
    views       = data.launchdarkly_feature_flag.example.views
    archived    = data.launchdarkly_feature_flag.example.archived
  }
}

# Example: Check if flag is accessible to specific teams
locals {
  accessible_to_frontend = contains(data.launchdarkly_feature_flag.example.views, "frontend-team")
  accessible_to_mobile   = contains(data.launchdarkly_feature_flag.example.views, "mobile-team")
  is_shared_flag         = length(data.launchdarkly_feature_flag.example.views) > 1
}

# Example: Conditional resource creation based on views
resource "launchdarkly_feature_flag_environment" "prod_config" {
  # Only create production config if flag is assigned to production view
  count = contains(data.launchdarkly_feature_flag.example.views, "production-ready") ? 1 : 0

  flag_id = data.launchdarkly_feature_flag.example.id
  env_key = "production"
  on      = true
  fallthrough {
    variation = 0
  }
  off_variation = 1
}

# Example: Generate team notifications based on views
output "team_notifications" {
  description = "Teams that should be notified about this flag"
  value = {
    flag_name = data.launchdarkly_feature_flag.example.name
    teams = [
      for view in data.launchdarkly_feature_flag.example.views : view
      if can(regex("-team$", view))
    ]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `key` (String) The unique feature flag key that references the flag in your application code.
- `project_key` (String) The feature flag's project key.

### Optional

- `maintainer_id` (String) The feature flag maintainer's 24 character alphanumeric team member ID. `maintainer_team_key` cannot be set if `maintainer_id` is set. If neither is set, it will automatically be or stay set to the member ID associated with the API key used by your LaunchDarkly Terraform provider or the most recently-set maintainer.
- `maintainer_team_key` (String) The key of the associated team that maintains this feature flag. `maintainer_id` cannot be set if `maintainer_team_key` is set

### Read-Only

- `archived` (Boolean) Specifies whether the flag is archived or not. Note that you cannot create a new flag that is archived, but can update a flag to be archived.
- `client_side_availability` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--client_side_availability))
- `custom_properties` (Set of Object) List of nested blocks describing the feature flag's [custom properties](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/home/connecting/custom-properties) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_properties))
- `defaults` (List of Object) A block containing the indices of the variations to be used as the default on and off variations in all new environments. Flag configurations in existing environments will not be changed nor updated if the configuration block is removed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--defaults))
- `description` (String) The feature flag's description.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `include_in_snippet` (Boolean, Deprecated) Specifies whether this flag should be made available to the client-side JavaScript SDK using the client-side Id. This value gets its default from your project configuration if not set. `include_in_snippet` is now deprecated. Please migrate to `client_side_availability.using_environment_id` to maintain future compatibility.
- `name` (String) The feature flag's human-readable name
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags associated with your resource.
- `temporary` (Boolean) Specifies whether the flag is a temporary flag.
- `variation_type` (String) The uniform type for all variations. Can be either "boolean", "string", "number", or "json".
- `variations` (List of Object) An array of possible variations for the flag (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--variations))
- `views` (List of String) A list of view keys that this feature flag is linked to.

<a id="nestedatt--client_side_availability"></a>
### Nested Schema for `client_side_availability`

Read-Only:

- `using_environment_id` (Boolean)
- `using_mobile_key` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--custom_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_properties`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `value` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--defaults"></a>
### Nested Schema for `defaults`

Read-Only:

- `off_variation` (Number)
- `on_variation` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--variations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `variations`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `value` (String)

Commit message:

feat(REL-10285): Update provider to support assigning view membership on flag/segment resources directly (#361)
* first pass at supporting alternative flow for view membership management

* add some tests

* add check-destroy for new acceptance tests

* run make generate

* attempt to consolidate linked_views and view_keys

* fix tests

* more test updates

* make generate

* update docs

* clarify conflict behaviour

* pr feedback: make view_keys properly optional

* Revert "pr feedback: make view_keys properly optional"

This reverts commit 60991ff188f3f9dd7c52af2200cc1f19e954a387.

docs/data-sources/feature_flag.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "launchdarkly_feature_flag Data Source - launchdarkly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a LaunchDarkly feature flag data source.
  This data source allows you to retrieve feature flag information from your LaunchDarkly organization.
---

# launchdarkly_feature_flag (Data Source)

Provides a LaunchDarkly feature flag data source.

This data source allows you to retrieve feature flag information from your LaunchDarkly organization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Example: Get feature flag information including linked views
data "launchdarkly_feature_flag" "example" {
  project_key = "example-project"
  key         = "example-flag"
}

# The feature flag data source now includes discovery of linked views
output "flag_details" {
  value = {
    name        = data.launchdarkly_feature_flag.example.name
    description = data.launchdarkly_feature_flag.example.description
    views       = data.launchdarkly_feature_flag.example.views
    archived    = data.launchdarkly_feature_flag.example.archived
  }
}

# Example: Check if flag is accessible to specific teams
locals {
  accessible_to_frontend = contains(data.launchdarkly_feature_flag.example.views, "frontend-team")
  accessible_to_mobile   = contains(data.launchdarkly_feature_flag.example.views, "mobile-team")
  is_shared_flag         = length(data.launchdarkly_feature_flag.example.views) > 1
}

# Example: Conditional resource creation based on views
resource "launchdarkly_feature_flag_environment" "prod_config" {
  # Only create production config if flag is assigned to production view
  count = contains(data.launchdarkly_feature_flag.example.views, "production-ready") ? 1 : 0

  flag_id = data.launchdarkly_feature_flag.example.id
  env_key = "production"
  on      = true
  fallthrough {
    variation = 0
  }
  off_variation = 1
}

# Example: Generate team notifications based on views
output "team_notifications" {
  description = "Teams that should be notified about this flag"
  value = {
    flag_name = data.launchdarkly_feature_flag.example.name
    teams = [
      for view in data.launchdarkly_feature_flag.example.views : view
      if can(regex("-team$", view))
    ]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `key` (String) The unique feature flag key that references the flag in your application code.
- `project_key` (String) The feature flag's project key.

### Optional

- `maintainer_id` (String) The feature flag maintainer's 24 character alphanumeric team member ID. `maintainer_team_key` cannot be set if `maintainer_id` is set. If neither is set, it will automatically be or stay set to the member ID associated with the API key used by your LaunchDarkly Terraform provider or the most recently-set maintainer.
- `maintainer_team_key` (String) The key of the associated team that maintains this feature flag. `maintainer_id` cannot be set if `maintainer_team_key` is set

### Read-Only

- `archived` (Boolean) Specifies whether the flag is archived or not. Note that you cannot create a new flag that is archived, but can update a flag to be archived.
- `client_side_availability` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--client_side_availability))
- `custom_properties` (Set of Object) List of nested blocks describing the feature flag's [custom properties](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/home/connecting/custom-properties) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--custom_properties))
- `defaults` (List of Object) A block containing the indices of the variations to be used as the default on and off variations in all new environments. Flag configurations in existing environments will not be changed nor updated if the configuration block is removed. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--defaults))
- `description` (String) The feature flag's description.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `include_in_snippet` (Boolean, Deprecated) Specifies whether this flag should be made available to the client-side JavaScript SDK using the client-side Id. This value gets its default from your project configuration if not set. `include_in_snippet` is now deprecated. Please migrate to `client_side_availability.using_environment_id` to maintain future compatibility.
- `name` (String) The feature flag's human-readable name
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags associated with your resource.
- `temporary` (Boolean) Specifies whether the flag is a temporary flag.
- `variation_type` (String) The uniform type for all variations. Can be either "boolean", "string", "number", or "json".
- `variations` (List of Object) An array of possible variations for the flag (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--variations))
- `view_keys` (Set of String) A set of view keys to link this flag to. This is an alternative to using the `launchdarkly_view_links` resource for managing view associations. When set, this flag will be linked to the specified views. The field is also computed, meaning Terraform will read back the current view associations from LaunchDarkly to detect drift. To explicitly remove all view associations, set `view_keys = []`. Simply removing the field from your configuration will leave existing associations unchanged. **Important**: You cannot use both `view_keys` and `launchdarkly_view_links` to manage the same flag - Terraform will return an error if a conflict is detected. Choose one approach per resource.
- `views` (List of String) A list of view keys that this feature flag is linked to.

<a id="nestedatt--client_side_availability"></a>
### Nested Schema for `client_side_availability`

Read-Only:

- `using_environment_id` (Boolean)
- `using_mobile_key` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--custom_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_properties`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `value` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--defaults"></a>
### Nested Schema for `defaults`

Read-Only:

- `off_variation` (Number)
- `on_variation` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--variations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `variations`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `value` (String)
