docs/data-sources/flag_trigger.md, before:

---
layout: "launchdarkly"
page_title: "LaunchDarkly: launchdarkly_flag_trigger"
description: |-
  Get information about LaunchDarkly flag triggers.
---

# launchdarkly_flag_trigger

Provides a LaunchDarkly flag trigger data source.

-> **Note:** Flag triggers are available to customers on an Enterprise LaunchDarkly plan. To learn more, read about our pricing. To upgrade your plan, [contact LaunchDarkly Sales](https://launchdarkly.com/contact-sales/).

This data source allows you to retrieve information about flag triggers from your LaunchDarkly organization.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "launchdarkly_flag_trigger" "example" {
	id = "<project_key>/<env_key>/<flag_key>/61d490757f7821150815518f"
	integration_key = "datadog"
	instructions {
		kind = "turnFlagOff"
	}
}
```

## Argument Reference

- `id` - (Required) The Terraform trigger ID. This ID takes the following format: `<project_key>/<env_key>/<flag_key>/<trigger_id>`. The unique trigger ID can be found in your saved trigger URL:

```
https://app.launchdarkly.com/webhook/triggers/THIS_IS_YOUR_TRIGGER_ID/aff25a53-17d9-4112-a9b8-12718d1a2e79
```

Please note that if you did not save this upon creation of the resource, you will have to reset it to get a new value, which can cause breaking changes.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments above, the resource exports the following attributes:

- `project_key` - The unique key of the project encompassing the associated flag.

- `env_key` - The unique key of the environment the flag trigger will work in.

- `flag_key` - The unique key of the associated flag.

- `integration_key` - The unique identifier of the integration your trigger is set up with.

- `instructions` - Instructions containing the action to perform when invoking the trigger. Currently supported flag actions are `"turnFlagOn"` and `"turnFlagOff"`. These can be found on the `kind` field nested on the `instructions` attribute.

- `maintainer_id` - The ID of the member responsible for maintaining the flag trigger. If created via Terraform, this value will be the ID of the member associated with the API key used for your provider configuration.

- `enabled` - Whether the trigger is currently active or not.

Please note that the original trigger URL itself will not be surfaced.

Commit message:

Generate launchdarkly_flag_trigger resource and data source documentation from schema. (#362)
* Generate flag_trigger resource docs

* Generate flag_trigger data source docs

* Fix spacing in resource docs

* Remove invalid schema fields from data source

docs/data-sources/flag_trigger.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "launchdarkly_flag_trigger Data Source - launchdarkly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a LaunchDarkly flag trigger data source.
  -> Note: Flag triggers are available to customers on an Enterprise LaunchDarkly plan. To learn more, read about our pricing. To upgrade your plan, contact LaunchDarkly Sales https://launchdarkly.com/contact-sales/.
  This data source allows you to retrieve information about flag triggers from your LaunchDarkly organization.
---

# launchdarkly_flag_trigger (Data Source)

Provides a LaunchDarkly flag trigger data source.

-> **Note:** Flag triggers are available to customers on an Enterprise LaunchDarkly plan. To learn more, read about our pricing. To upgrade your plan, [contact LaunchDarkly Sales](https://launchdarkly.com/contact-sales/).

This data source allows you to retrieve information about flag triggers from your LaunchDarkly organization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "launchdarkly_flag_trigger" "example" {
  id          = "61d490757f7821150815518f"
  flag_key    = "example-flag"
  project_key = "the-big-project"
  env_key     = "production"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `env_key` (String) The unique key of the environment the flag trigger will work in.
- `flag_key` (String) The unique key of the associated flag.
- `id` (String) The Terraform trigger ID. The unique trigger ID can be found in your saved trigger URL:

```
https://app.launchdarkly.com/webhook/triggers/THIS_IS_YOUR_TRIGGER_ID/aff25a53-17d9-4112-a9b8-12718d1a2e79
```

Please note that if you did not save this upon creation of the resource, you will have to reset it to get a new value, which can cause breaking changes.
- `project_key` (String) The unique key of the project encompassing the associated flag.

### Read-Only

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the trigger is currently active or not.
- `instructions` (List of Object) Instructions containing the action to perform when invoking the trigger. Currently supported flag actions are `turnFlagOn` and `turnFlagOff`. This must be passed as the key-value pair `{ kind = "<flag_action>" }`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instructions))
- `integration_key` (String) The unique identifier of the integration you intend to set your trigger up with. Currently supported are `generic-trigger`, `datadog`, `dynatrace`, `honeycomb`, `new-relic-apm`, and `signalfx`. `generic-trigger` should be used for integrations not explicitly supported.
- `maintainer_id` (String) The ID of the member responsible for maintaining the flag trigger. If created via Terraform, this value will be the ID of the member associated with the API key used for your provider configuration.
- `trigger_url` (String, Sensitive) The unique URL used to invoke the trigger.

<a id="nestedatt--instructions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instructions`

Read-Only:

- `kind` (String)
