docs/data-sources/project.md, before:

---
layout: "launchdarkly"
page_title: "LaunchDarkly: launchdarkly_project"
description: |-
  Get information about LaunchDarkly projects.
---

# launchdarkly_project

Provides a LaunchDarkly project data source.

This data source allows you to retrieve project information from your LaunchDarkly organization.

-> **Note:** LaunchDarkly data sources do not provide access to the project's environments. If you wish to import environment configurations as data sources you must use the [`launchdarkly_environment` data source](/docs/providers/launchdarkly/d/environment.html).

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "launchdarkly_project" "example" {
  key = "example-project"
}
```

## Argument Reference

- `key` - (Required) The project's unique key.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments above, the resource exports the following attributes:

- `name` - The project's name.

- `client_side_availability` - **Deprecated** A map describing which client-side SDKs can use new flags by default. To learn more, read [Nested Client-Side Availability Block](#nested-client-side-availability-block).
Please migrate to `default_client_side_availability` to maintain future compatability.

- `default_client_side_availability` - A block describing which client-side SDKs can use new flags by default. To learn more, read [Nested Client-Side Availability Block](#nested-client-side-availability-block).

- `tags` - The project's set of tags.

### Nested Client-Side Availability Block

The nested `default_client_side_availability` block has the following attributes:

- `using_environment_id` - When set to true, the flags in this project are available to SDKs using the client-side ID by default.

- `using_mobile_key` - When set to true, the flags in this project are available to SDKs using a mobile key by default.

Commit message:

Generate launchdarkly_project docs from the terraform schema (#359)
* Generate launchdarkly_project docs from the terraform schema

* Fix deprecated vs. description typo

* Add important note to project resource docs

docs/data-sources/project.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "launchdarkly_project Data Source - launchdarkly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a LaunchDarkly project data source.
  This data source allows you to retrieve project information from your LaunchDarkly organization.
  -> Note: LaunchDarkly data sources do not provide access to the project's environments. If you wish to import environment configurations as data sources you must use the launchdarkly_environment data source.
---

# launchdarkly_project (Data Source)

Provides a LaunchDarkly project data source.

This data source allows you to retrieve project information from your LaunchDarkly organization.

-> **Note:** LaunchDarkly data sources do not provide access to the project's environments. If you wish to import environment configurations as data sources you must use the [`launchdarkly_environment` data source](/docs/providers/launchdarkly/d/environment.html).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "launchdarkly_project" "example" {
  key = "example-project"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `key` (String) The project's unique key.

### Read-Only

- `client_side_availability` (List of Object, Deprecated) A map describing which client-side SDKs can use new flags by default. Please migrate to `default_client_side_availability` to maintain future compatibility. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--client_side_availability))
- `default_client_side_availability` (List of Object) A block describing which client-side SDKs can use new flags by default. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_client_side_availability))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `name` (String) The project's name.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags associated with your resource.

<a id="nestedatt--client_side_availability"></a>
### Nested Schema for `client_side_availability`

Read-Only:

- `using_environment_id` (Boolean)
- `using_mobile_key` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--default_client_side_availability"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_client_side_availability`

Read-Only:

- `using_environment_id` (Boolean)
- `using_mobile_key` (Boolean)
