docs/data-sources/segment.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "launchdarkly_segment Data Source - launchdarkly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a LaunchDarkly segment data source.
  This data source allows you to retrieve segment information from your LaunchDarkly organization.
---

# launchdarkly_segment (Data Source)

Provides a LaunchDarkly segment data source.

This data source allows you to retrieve segment information from your LaunchDarkly organization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "launchdarkly_segment" "example" {
  key         = "example-segment"
  project_key = "example-project"
  env_key     = "example-env"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `env_key` (String) The segment's environment key.
- `key` (String) The unique key that references the segment.
- `project_key` (String) The segment's project key.

### Read-Only

- `creation_date` (Number) The segment's creation date represented as a UNIX epoch timestamp.
- `description` (String) The description of the segment's purpose.
- `excluded` (List of String) List of user keys excluded from the segment. To target on other context kinds, use the excluded_contexts block attribute. This attribute is not valid when `unbounded` is set to `true`.
- `excluded_contexts` (List of Object) List of non-user target objects excluded from the segment. This attribute is not valid when `unbounded` is set to `true`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--excluded_contexts))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `included` (List of String) List of user keys included in the segment. To target on other context kinds, use the included_contexts block attribute. This attribute is not valid when `unbounded` is set to `true`.
- `included_contexts` (List of Object) List of non-user target objects included in the segment. This attribute is not valid when `unbounded` is set to `true`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--included_contexts))
- `name` (String) The human-friendly name for the segment.
- `rules` (List of Object) List of nested custom rule blocks to apply to the segment. This attribute is not valid when `unbounded` is set to `true`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags associated with your resource.
- `unbounded` (Boolean) Whether to create a standard segment (`false`) or a Big Segment (`true`). Standard segments include rule-based and smaller list-based segments. Big Segments include larger list-based segments and synced segments. Only use a Big Segment if you need to add more than 15,000 individual targets. It is not possible to manage the list of targeted contexts for Big Segments with Terraform.
- `unbounded_context_kind` (String) For Big Segments, the targeted context kind. If this attribute is not specified it will default to `user`.
- `views` (List of String) A list of view keys that this segment is linked to.

<a id="nestedatt--excluded_contexts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `excluded_contexts`

Read-Only:

- `context_kind` (String)
- `values` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--included_contexts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `included_contexts`

Read-Only:

- `context_kind` (String)
- `values` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Read-Only:

- `bucket_by` (String)
- `clauses` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--rules--clauses))
- `rollout_context_kind` (String)
- `weight` (Number)

<a id="nestedobjatt--rules--clauses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.clauses`

Read-Only:

- `attribute` (String)
- `context_kind` (String)
- `negate` (Boolean)
- `op` (String)
- `value_type` (String)
- `values` (List of String)

Commit message:

feat(REL-10285): Update provider to support assigning view membership on flag/segment resources directly (#361)
* first pass at supporting alternative flow for view membership management

* add some tests

* add check-destroy for new acceptance tests

* run make generate

* attempt to consolidate linked_views and view_keys

* fix tests

* more test updates

* make generate

* update docs

* clarify conflict behaviour

* pr feedback: make view_keys properly optional

* Revert "pr feedback: make view_keys properly optional"

This reverts commit 60991ff188f3f9dd7c52af2200cc1f19e954a387.

docs/data-sources/segment.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "launchdarkly_segment Data Source - launchdarkly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a LaunchDarkly segment data source.
  This data source allows you to retrieve segment information from your LaunchDarkly organization.
---

# launchdarkly_segment (Data Source)

Provides a LaunchDarkly segment data source.

This data source allows you to retrieve segment information from your LaunchDarkly organization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "launchdarkly_segment" "example" {
  key         = "example-segment"
  project_key = "example-project"
  env_key     = "example-env"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `env_key` (String) The segment's environment key.
- `key` (String) The unique key that references the segment.
- `project_key` (String) The segment's project key.

### Read-Only

- `creation_date` (Number) The segment's creation date represented as a UNIX epoch timestamp.
- `description` (String) The description of the segment's purpose.
- `excluded` (List of String) List of user keys excluded from the segment. To target on other context kinds, use the excluded_contexts block attribute. This attribute is not valid when `unbounded` is set to `true`.
- `excluded_contexts` (List of Object) List of non-user target objects excluded from the segment. This attribute is not valid when `unbounded` is set to `true`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--excluded_contexts))
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `included` (List of String) List of user keys included in the segment. To target on other context kinds, use the included_contexts block attribute. This attribute is not valid when `unbounded` is set to `true`.
- `included_contexts` (List of Object) List of non-user target objects included in the segment. This attribute is not valid when `unbounded` is set to `true`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--included_contexts))
- `name` (String) The human-friendly name for the segment.
- `rules` (List of Object) List of nested custom rule blocks to apply to the segment. This attribute is not valid when `unbounded` is set to `true`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags associated with your resource.
- `unbounded` (Boolean) Whether to create a standard segment (`false`) or a Big Segment (`true`). Standard segments include rule-based and smaller list-based segments. Big Segments include larger list-based segments and synced segments. Only use a Big Segment if you need to add more than 15,000 individual targets. It is not possible to manage the list of targeted contexts for Big Segments with Terraform.
- `unbounded_context_kind` (String) For Big Segments, the targeted context kind. If this attribute is not specified it will default to `user`.
- `view_keys` (Set of String) A set of view keys to link this segment to. This is an alternative to using the `launchdarkly_view_links` resource for managing view associations. When set, this segment will be linked to the specified views. The field is also computed, meaning Terraform will read back the current view associations from LaunchDarkly to detect drift. To explicitly remove all view associations, set `view_keys = []`. Simply removing the field from your configuration will leave existing associations unchanged. **Important**: You cannot use both `view_keys` and `launchdarkly_view_links` to manage the same segment - Terraform will return an error if a conflict is detected. Choose one approach per resource.
- `views` (List of String) A list of view keys that this segment is linked to.

<a id="nestedatt--excluded_contexts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `excluded_contexts`

Read-Only:

- `context_kind` (String)
- `values` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--included_contexts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `included_contexts`

Read-Only:

- `context_kind` (String)
- `values` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Read-Only:

- `bucket_by` (String)
- `clauses` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--rules--clauses))
- `rollout_context_kind` (String)
- `weight` (Number)

<a id="nestedobjatt--rules--clauses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.clauses`

Read-Only:

- `attribute` (String)
- `context_kind` (String)
- `negate` (Boolean)
- `op` (String)
- `value_type` (String)
- `values` (List of String)
