docs/data-sources/team.md, before:

---
layout: "launchdarkly"
page_title: "LaunchDarkly: launchdarkly_team"
description: |-
  Get information about a LaunchDarkly team.
---

# launchdarkly_team

Provides a LaunchDarkly team data source.

This data source allows you to retrieve team information from your LaunchDarkly organization.

-> **Note:** Teams are available to customers on an Enterprise LaunchDarkly plan. To learn more, [read about our pricing](https://launchdarkly.com/pricing/). To upgrade your plan, [contact LaunchDarkly Sales](https://launchdarkly.com/contact-sales/).

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "launchdarkly_team" "platform_team" {
  key = "platform_team"
}
```

## Argument Reference

- `key` - (Required) The team key.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments above, the resource exports the following attributes:

- `custom_role_keys` - The list of the keys of the custom roles that you have assigned to the team.

- `description` - The team description.

- `maintainers` - The list of team maintainers as [team member objects](/docs/providers/launchdarkly/d/team_member.html).

- `name` - Human readable name for the team.

- `project_keys` - The list of keys of the projects that the team has any write access to.

Commit message:

Generate `launchdarkly_team` resource and data source docs from schema (#371)
* Generate launchdarkly_team docs from schema

* Generate launchdarkly_team docs from schema (data source)

docs/data-sources/team.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "launchdarkly_team Data Source - launchdarkly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a LaunchDarkly team data source.
  This data source allows you to retrieve team information from your LaunchDarkly organization.
  -> Note: Teams are available to customers on an Enterprise LaunchDarkly plan. To learn more, read about our pricing https://launchdarkly.com/pricing/. To upgrade your plan, contact LaunchDarkly Sales https://launchdarkly.com/contact-sales/.
---

# launchdarkly_team (Data Source)

Provides a LaunchDarkly team data source.

This data source allows you to retrieve team information from your LaunchDarkly organization.

-> **Note:** Teams are available to customers on an Enterprise LaunchDarkly plan. To learn more, [read about our pricing](https://launchdarkly.com/pricing/). To upgrade your plan, [contact LaunchDarkly Sales](https://launchdarkly.com/contact-sales/).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "launchdarkly_team" "platform_team" {
  key = "platform_team"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `key` (String) The team key.

### Read-Only

- `custom_role_keys` (Set of String) The list of the keys of the custom roles that you have assigned to the team.
- `description` (String) The team description.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `maintainers` (Set of Object) The list of team maintainers as [team member objects](/providers/launchdarkly/launchdarkly/latest/docs/data-sources/team_member). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintainers))
- `name` (String) Human-readable name for the team.
- `project_keys` (Set of String) The list of keys of the projects that the team has any write access to.

<a id="nestedatt--maintainers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintainers`

Read-Only:

- `email` (String)
- `first_name` (String)
- `id` (String)
- `last_name` (String)
- `role` (String)
