---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "launchdarkly_team_members Data Source - launchdarkly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a LaunchDarkly team members data source.
  This data source allows you to retrieve team member information from your LaunchDarkly organization on multiple team members.
---

# launchdarkly_team_members (Data Source)

Provides a LaunchDarkly team members data source.

This data source allows you to retrieve team member information from your LaunchDarkly organization on multiple team members.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "launchdarkly_team_members" "example" {
  emails = ["example@example.com", "example2@example.com", "example3@example.com"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `emails` (List of String) An array of unique email addresses associated with the team members.

### Optional

- `ignore_missing` (Boolean) A boolean to determine whether to ignore members that weren't found.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) A hash of the returned member IDs.
- `team_members` (Block List) The members that were found. The following attributes are available for each member:

- `id` - The 24 character alphanumeric ID of the team member.

- `first_name` - The team member's given name.

- `last_name` - The team member's family name.

- `role` - The role associated with team member. Possible roles are `owner`, `reader`, `writer`, or `admin`.

- `custom_roles` - (Optional) The list of custom roles keys associated with the team member. Custom roles are only available to customers on an Enterprise plan. To learn more, [read about our pricing](https://launchdarkly.com/pricing/). To upgrade your plan, [contact LaunchDarkly Sales](https://launchdarkly.com/contact-sales/). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--team_members))

<a id="nestedblock--team_members"></a>
### Nested Schema for `team_members`

Read-Only:

- `custom_roles` (Set of String) The list of custom roles keys associated with the team member. Custom roles are only available to customers on an Enterprise plan. To learn more, [read about our pricing](https://launchdarkly.com/pricing/). To upgrade your plan, [contact LaunchDarkly Sales](https://launchdarkly.com/contact-sales/).
- `email` (String) The unique email address associated with the team member.
- `first_name` (String) The team member's given name.
- `id` (String) The 24 character alphanumeric ID of the team member.
- `last_name` (String) The team member's family name.
- `role` (String) The role associated with team member. Possible roles are `owner`, `reader`, `writer`, or `admin`.
- `role_attributes` (Block Set) A role attributes block. One block must be defined per role attribute. The key is the role attribute key and the value is a string array of resource keys that apply. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--team_members--role_attributes))

<a id="nestedblock--team_members--role_attributes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `team_members.role_attributes`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String) The key / name of your role attribute. In the example `$${roleAttribute/testAttribute}`, the key is `testAttribute`.
- `values` (List of String) A list of values for your role attribute. For example, if your policy statement defines the resource `"proj/$${roleAttribute/testAttribute}"`, the values would be the keys of the projects you wanted to assign access to.
