---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "launchdarkly_webhook Data Source - launchdarkly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a LaunchDarkly webhook data source.
  This data source allows you to retrieve webhook information from your LaunchDarkly organization.
---

# launchdarkly_webhook (Data Source)

Provides a LaunchDarkly webhook data source.

This data source allows you to retrieve webhook information from your LaunchDarkly organization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "launchdarkly_webhook" "example" {
  id = "57c0af6099690907435299"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The unique webhook ID.

### Read-Only

- `name` (String) The webhook's human-readable name.
- `on` (Boolean) Whether the webhook is enabled.
- `secret` (String, Sensitive) The secret used to sign the webhook.
- `statements` (Block List) List of policy statement blocks used to filter webhook events. For more information on webhook policy filters read [Adding a policy filter](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/integrations/webhooks#adding-a-policy-filter). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--statements))
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags associated with the webhook.
- `url` (String) The URL of the remote webhook.

<a id="nestedblock--statements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `statements`

Read-Only:

- `actions` (List of String) The list of action specifiers defining the actions to which the statement applies.
- `effect` (String) Either `allow` or `deny`. This argument defines whether the statement allows or denies access to the named resources and actions.
- `not_actions` (List of String) The list of action specifiers defining the actions to which the statement does not apply.
- `not_resources` (List of String) The list of resource specifiers defining the resources to which the statement does not apply.
- `resources` (List of String) The list of resource specifiers defining the resources to which the statement applies.
