README.md, before:

# Terraform Provider for LaunchDarkly

- http://www.launchdarkly.com
- https://www.terraform.io/

This terraform provider covers the resources found in the [LaunchDarkly API docs](https://apidocs.launchdarkly.com/reference).
The API client used is the generated [api-client-go](https://github.com/launchdarkly/api-client-go) which is based on the OpenAPI spec found [here](https://github.com/launchdarkly/ld-openapi).

## Requirements:

- golang 1.11+
- GNUmake
- terraform 0.12.0+

## Building The Provider

This project uses [go modules](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/Modules)

1. Clone the project: `git clone https://github.com/launchdarkly/terraform-provider-launchdarkly`
1. `make build`

Run unit tests:
`make test`

Run acceptance tests (Be sure to use a test account as this will create/destroy real resources!):

```
LAUNCHDARKLY_API_KEY=YOUR_API_KEY make testacc
```

Note: you may need to clean your account before running the acceptance tests.
Do this by commenting out the `t.SkipNow()` line in [launchdarkly/account_cleaner_test.go](launchdarkly/account_cleaner_test.go)

Run [example.tf](example.tf):

```
LAUNCHDARKLY_API_KEY=YOUR_API_KEY make apply
```

## More examples:

See acceptance tests in `launchdarkly/resource_launchdarkly_*_test.go` for many examples.

## Known issues/Next steps:

1. Tags for environments is not yet supported. Stay tuned.
1. ~~Update terraform to [0.12](https://www.terraform.io/upgrade-guides/0-12.html)~~ This may help address tags for environments!

Commit message:

Build documentation website (#15)
* Scaffold website and add content for custom_rols and environments

* Check website in travis

* Do not check website in CI

* Fill out all resources

* Add example usage to index

* remove provider from example

* remove symbolic link

* Update index description

* Fix typo

* Address PR feedback

* more PR feedback

* update README to point to docs

* More PR feedback

* PR feedback

* Update variation_type

README.md, after:

# Terraform Provider for LaunchDarkly

- http://www.launchdarkly.com
- https://www.terraform.io/

This terraform provider covers the resources found in the [LaunchDarkly API docs](https://apidocs.launchdarkly.com/reference).
The API client used is the generated [api-client-go](https://github.com/launchdarkly/api-client-go) which is based on the OpenAPI spec found [here](https://github.com/launchdarkly/ld-openapi).

## Requirements:

- golang 1.11+
- GNUmake
- terraform 0.12.0+

## Building The Provider

This project uses [go modules](https://github.com/golang/go/wiki/Modules)

1. Clone the project: `git clone https://github.com/launchdarkly/terraform-provider-launchdarkly`
1. `make build`

Run unit tests:
`make test`

Run acceptance tests (Be sure to use a test account as this will create/destroy real resources!):

```
LAUNCHDARKLY_API_KEY=YOUR_API_KEY make testacc
```

Note: you may need to clean your account before running the acceptance tests.
Do this by commenting out the `t.SkipNow()` line in [launchdarkly/account_cleaner_test.go](launchdarkly/account_cleaner_test.go)

Run [example.tf](example.tf):

```
LAUNCHDARKLY_API_KEY=YOUR_API_KEY make apply
```

## More examples:

See the resource markdown files in `website/docs/r` for resource-specific examples and documentation.

See acceptance tests in `launchdarkly/resource_launchdarkly_*_test.go` for many examples.

## Known issues/Next steps:

1. Tags for environments is not yet supported. Stay tuned.
1. ~~Update terraform to [0.12](https://www.terraform.io/upgrade-guides/0-12.html)~~ This may help address tags for environments!
