website/docs/d/project.html.markdown, before:

---
layout: "launchdarkly"
page_title: "LaunchDarkly: launchdarkly_project"
description: |-
  Get information about LaunchDarkly projects.
---

# launchdarkly_project

Provides a LaunchDarkly project data source.

This data source allows you to retrieve project information from your LaunchDarkly organization.

-> **Note:** LaunchDarkly data sources do not provide access to the project's environments. If you wish to import environment configurations as data sources you must use the [`launchdarkly_environment` data source](/docs/providers/launchdarkly/d/environment.html).

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "launchdarkly_project" "example" {
  key = "example-project"
}
```

## Argument Reference

- `key` - (Required) The project's unique key.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments above, the resource exports the following attributes:

- `name` - The project's name.

- `client_side_availability` - A map describing whether flags in this project are available to the client-side JavaScript SDK by default. To learn more, read [Nested Client-Side Availability Block](#nested-client-side-availability-block).

- `tags` - The project's set of tags.

### Nested Client-Side Availibility Block

The nested `client_side_availability` block has the following attributes:

- `using_environment_id` - When set to true, the flags in this project are available to SDKs using the client-side ID by default.

- `using_mobile_key` - When set to true, the flags in this project are available to SDKs using a mobile key by default.

Commit message:

[SC-135367] Project resource should support default flag SDK values (#166)
* chore: update project resource schema

* chore: add new keys to keys.go

* feat: most situations working for plan/apply

* feat: use customizeDiff to account for resetting default sdk values 

One slight discrepancy left - switching from using defaultClientSideAvailability to not using the attribute applies the correct changes, but ONLY shows changes to includeInSnippetByDefault in the plan, NOT changes to defaultClientSideAvailability (if applicable)

* test: add tests for project changes

* docs: update docs to reflect changes

* docs: update changelog

* chore: account for changes to project dataSource

* fix: only set include_in_snippet for non data source projects

* chore: make default_csa nested fields required

* chore: deprecate data source attr client_side_availability but maintain support

* docs: update docs and changelog

* docs: update project resource docs according to suggestions

Co-authored-by: Henry Barrow <hbarrow@launchdarkly.com>

* chore: only set datasource deprecated attribute on ds reads

* docs: Apply suggestions from code review

Co-authored-by: Henry Barrow <hbarrow@launchdarkly.com>

Co-authored-by: Henry Barrow <hbarrow@launchdarkly.com>

website/docs/d/project.html.markdown, after:

---
layout: "launchdarkly"
page_title: "LaunchDarkly: launchdarkly_project"
description: |-
  Get information about LaunchDarkly projects.
---

# launchdarkly_project

Provides a LaunchDarkly project data source.

This data source allows you to retrieve project information from your LaunchDarkly organization.

-> **Note:** LaunchDarkly data sources do not provide access to the project's environments. If you wish to import environment configurations as data sources you must use the [`launchdarkly_environment` data source](/docs/providers/launchdarkly/d/environment.html).

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "launchdarkly_project" "example" {
  key = "example-project"
}
```

## Argument Reference

- `key` - (Required) The project's unique key.

## Attributes Reference

In addition to the arguments above, the resource exports the following attributes:

- `name` - The project's name.

- `client_side_availability` - **Deprecated** A map describing which client-side SDKs can use new flags by default. To learn more, read [Nested Client-Side Availability Block](#nested-client-side-availability-block).
Please migrate to `default_client_side_availability` to maintain future compatability.

- `default_client_side_availability` - A block describing which client-side SDKs can use new flags by default. To learn more, read [Nested Client-Side Availability Block](#nested-client-side-availability-block).

- `tags` - The project's set of tags.

### Nested Client-Side Availibility Block

The nested `default_client_side_availability` block has the following attributes:

- `using_environment_id` - When set to true, the flags in this project are available to SDKs using the client-side ID by default.

- `using_mobile_key` - When set to true, the flags in this project are available to SDKs using a mobile key by default.
