website/docs/r/environment.html.markdown, before:

---
layout: "launchdarkly"
page_title: "LaunchDarkly: launchdarkly_environment"
description: |-
  Create and manage LaunchDarkly environments.
---

# launchdarkly_environment

Provides a LaunchDarkly environment resource.

This resource allows you to create and manage environments in your LaunchDarkly organization.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "launchdarkly_environment" "staging" {
  name                 = "Staging"
  key                  = "staging"
  color                = "ff00ff"

  project_key = launchdarkly_project.example.key
}
```

## Argument Reference

- `project_key` - (Required) - The environment's project key.

- `name` - (Required) The name of the environment.

- `key` - (Required) The project-unique key for the environment.

- `color` - (Required) The color swatch as an RGB hex value with no leading `#`. For example: `000000`.

- `secure_mode` - (Optional) Set to `true` to ensure a user of the client-side SDK cannot impersonate another user.

- `default_track_events` - (Optional) Set to `true` to enable data export for every flag created in this environment after you configure this argument. To learn more, read [Data Export](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/docs/data-export).

- `default_ttl` - (Optional) The TTL for the environment. This must be between 0 and 60 minutes. The TTL setting only applies to environments using the PHP SDK. To learn more, read [TTL settings](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/docs/environments#section-ttl-settings).

## Attribute Reference

In addition to the arguments above, the resource exports the following attributes:

- `id` - The unique environment ID in the format `project_key/environment_key`.

- `api_key` - The environment's SDK key.

- `mobile_key` - The environment's mobile key.

- `client_side_id` - The environment's client-side ID.

## Import

You can import a LaunchDarkly environment using this format: `project_key/environment_key`.

For example:

```
$ terraform import launchdarkly_environment.staging example-project/staging
```

Commit message:

Add Environment tags (#39)
* Add tags to environment resource

* Add environment tags to project environments

* remove go 1.13

* remove unused code

* Update docs

* clean up comment

website/docs/r/environment.html.markdown, after:

---
layout: "launchdarkly"
page_title: "LaunchDarkly: launchdarkly_environment"
description: |-
  Create and manage LaunchDarkly environments.
---

# launchdarkly_environment

Provides a LaunchDarkly environment resource.

This resource allows you to create and manage environments in your LaunchDarkly organization.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "launchdarkly_environment" "staging" {
  name  = "Staging"
  key   = "staging"
  color = "ff00ff"
  tags  = ["terraform", "staging"]

  project_key = launchdarkly_project.example.key
}
```

## Argument Reference

- `project_key` - (Required) - The environment's project key.

- `name` - (Required) The name of the environment.

- `key` - (Required) The project-unique key for the environment.

- `color` - (Required) The color swatch as an RGB hex value with no leading `#`. For example: `000000`.

- `tags` - (Optional) Set of tags associated with the environment.

- `secure_mode` - (Optional) Set to `true` to ensure a user of the client-side SDK cannot impersonate another user.

- `default_track_events` - (Optional) Set to `true` to enable data export for every flag created in this environment after you configure this argument. To learn more, read [Data Export](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/docs/data-export).

- `default_ttl` - (Optional) The TTL for the environment. This must be between 0 and 60 minutes. The TTL setting only applies to environments using the PHP SDK. To learn more, read [TTL settings](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/docs/environments#section-ttl-settings).

## Attribute Reference

In addition to the arguments above, the resource exports the following attributes:

- `id` - The unique environment ID in the format `project_key/environment_key`.

- `api_key` - The environment's SDK key.

- `mobile_key` - The environment's mobile key.

- `client_side_id` - The environment's client-side ID.

## Import

You can import a LaunchDarkly environment using this format: `project_key/environment_key`.

For example:

```
$ terraform import launchdarkly_environment.staging example-project/staging
```
