docs/DEVELOPMENT.md, before:

# Development Environment Setup

## Requirements

- [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) 0.12.x (to run acceptance tests)
- [Go](https://golang.org/doc/install) 1.16 (to build the provider plugin)

## Quick Start

If you wish to work on the provider, you'll first need [Go](http://www.golang.org) installed on your machine (please check the [requirements](#requirements) before proceeding).

_Note:_ This project uses [Go Modules](https://blog.golang.org/using-go-modules) making it safe to work with it outside of your existing [GOPATH](http://golang.org/doc/code.html#GOPATH). The instructions that follow assume a directory in your home directory outside of the standard GOPATH (i.e `$HOME/development/terraform-providers/`).

## Building The Provider

Clone repository to: `$HOME/development/terraform-providers/`

```sh
$ mkdir -p $HOME/development/terraform-providers/; cd $HOME/development/terraform-providers/
$ git clone git@github.com:launchdarkly/terraform-provider-launchdarkly
```

To compile the provider, run `make build`. This will build the provider and put the provider binary in the `$GOPATH/bin` directory.

```sh
$ make build
```

## Testing the provider

In order to test the provider, you can simply run `make test`.

```sh
$ make test
```

In order to run the full suite of Acceptance tests, run `make testacc`.

_Note:_ Acceptance tests create real LaunchDarkly resources, and require an enterprise account.

## Using the provider

With Terraform v0.14 and later, [development overrides for provider developers](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cli/config/config-file.html#development-overrides-for-provider-developers) can be leveraged in order to use the provider built from source.

To do this, populate a Terraform CLI configuration file (`~/.terraformrc` for all platforms other than Windows; `terraform.rc` in the `%APPDATA%` directory when using Windows) with at least the following options:

```hcl
provider_installation {
  dev_overrides {
    "launchdarkly/launchdarkly" = "[REPLACE WITH GOPATH]/bin"
  }
  direct {}
}
```

Commit message:

add integration resource (#164)
* stub integration resource

* dump json of audit log configs to file

* this should theoretically work

* rename to launchdarkly_audit_log_subscription

* add required to policy options - must be true for audit log subs

* actually never mind i have decided on a better way to deal with it

* set default statements and update tests

* ehhh screw it we're making statements required since the api errors if not passed

* ensure error if config is wrongly set

* clean up comments

* refactor for data source and add tests - not sure why failing

* integration key must be required to get duh

* finally fixed that

* add resource doc

* more docs

* handle casing

* handle bool types

* update data source tests to use examples more likely to break

* small docs update

* update changelog

* forgot to mention data source in changelog

* add to the development doc

* add strcase to go.mod

* use const attributes for tests

* update go client

* forgot to update circle config

* add pre commit to run python script for audit log sub configs

* remove old handleRateLimit functions

* udpate doc

* bug fix

* handle optional defaults

* error if error reading json config file

* use go struct

* make on required

* add examples

* use context-aware functions

* update doc to say on is required

* define optional for data source

* fix host issue

* update doc

* small refactor

* add new line

Co-authored-by: Fabian <feldbergf@gmail.com>

* return diag not nil from delete function

* typo

Co-authored-by: Fabian <feldbergf@gmail.com>

docs/DEVELOPMENT.md, after:

# Development Environment Setup

## Requirements

- [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/downloads.html) 0.12.x (to run acceptance tests)
- [Go](https://golang.org/doc/install) 1.16 (to build the provider plugin)

## Quick Start

If you wish to work on the provider, you'll first need [Go](http://www.golang.org) installed on your machine (please check the [requirements](#requirements) before proceeding).

_Note:_ This project uses [Go Modules](https://blog.golang.org/using-go-modules) making it safe to work with it outside of your existing [GOPATH](http://golang.org/doc/code.html#GOPATH). The instructions that follow assume a directory in your home directory outside of the standard GOPATH (i.e `$HOME/development/terraform-providers/`).

## Building The Provider

Clone repository to: `$HOME/development/terraform-providers/`

```sh
$ mkdir -p $HOME/development/terraform-providers/; cd $HOME/development/terraform-providers/
$ git clone git@github.com:launchdarkly/terraform-provider-launchdarkly
```

If you are working on the `launchdarkly_audit_log_subscription` resource, you will want to ensure the configuration field mapping is up-to-date with the [most recent changes](https://github.com/launchdarkly/integration-framework/tree/master/integrations) while testing by `cd`-ing into `scripts/` and running `python generate_integration_audit_log_configs.py`. Please note you will need to have the Python `requests` package installed locally. Otherwise, this will be run as a git commit hook. Then, to update the go mapping, follow the instructions in audit_log_subscription_configs.go and commit and push your changes.

To compile the provider, run `make build`. This will build the provider and put the provider binary in the `$GOPATH/bin` directory.

```sh
$ make build
```

## Testing the provider

In order to test the provider, you can simply run `make test`.

```sh
$ make test
```

In order to run the full suite of Acceptance tests, run `make testacc`.

_Note:_ Acceptance tests create real LaunchDarkly resources, and require an enterprise account.

## Using the provider

With Terraform v0.14 and later, [development overrides for provider developers](https://www.terraform.io/docs/cli/config/config-file.html#development-overrides-for-provider-developers) can be leveraged in order to use the provider built from source.

To do this, populate a Terraform CLI configuration file (`~/.terraformrc` for all platforms other than Windows; `terraform.rc` in the `%APPDATA%` directory when using Windows) with at least the following options:

```hcl
provider_installation {
  dev_overrides {
    "launchdarkly/launchdarkly" = "[REPLACE WITH GOPATH]/bin"
  }
  direct {}
}
```
