docs/index.md, before:

---
page_title: "LaunchDarkly Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The LaunchDarkly provider is used to interact with the LaunchDarkly resources
---

# LaunchDarkly Provider

[LaunchDarkly](https://launchdarkly.com/) is a continuous delivery platform that provides feature flags as a service and allows developers to iterate quickly and safely. Use the LaunchDarkly provider to interact with LaunchDarkly resources, such as projects, environments, feature flags, and more. You must configure the provider with the proper credentials before you can use it.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    launchdarkly = {
      source  = "launchdarkly/launchdarkly"
      version = "~> 2.0"
    }
  }
}

# Configure the LaunchDarkly provider
provider "launchdarkly" {
  access_token = var.launchdarkly_access_token
}

# Create a new project
resource "launchdarkly_project" "terraform" {
  # ...
}

# Create a new feature flag
resource "launchdarkly_feature_flag" "terraform" {
  # ...
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) The [personal access token](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/home/account-security/api-access-tokens#personal-tokens) or [service token](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/home/account-security/api-access-tokens#service-tokens) used to authenticate with LaunchDarkly. You can also set this with the `LAUNCHDARKLY_ACCESS_TOKEN` environment variable. You must provide either `access_token` or `oauth_token`.
- `api_host` (String) The LaunchDarkly host address. If this argument is not specified, the default host address is `https://app.launchdarkly.com`
- `oauth_token` (String) An OAuth V2 token you use to authenticate with LaunchDarkly. You can also set this with the `LAUNCHDARKLY_OAUTH_TOKEN` environment variable. You must provide either `access_token` or `oauth_token`.

Commit message:

Add `http_timeout` provider option (#321)
* Add HTTP_TIMEOUT provider option

* Fix team_role_mapping tests

docs/index.md, after:

---
page_title: "LaunchDarkly Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The LaunchDarkly provider is used to interact with the LaunchDarkly resources
---

# LaunchDarkly Provider

[LaunchDarkly](https://launchdarkly.com/) is a continuous delivery platform that provides feature flags as a service and allows developers to iterate quickly and safely. Use the LaunchDarkly provider to interact with LaunchDarkly resources, such as projects, environments, feature flags, and more. You must configure the provider with the proper credentials before you can use it.

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    launchdarkly = {
      source  = "launchdarkly/launchdarkly"
      version = "~> 2.0"
    }
  }
}

# Configure the LaunchDarkly provider
provider "launchdarkly" {
  access_token = var.launchdarkly_access_token
}

# Create a new project
resource "launchdarkly_project" "terraform" {
  # ...
}

# Create a new feature flag
resource "launchdarkly_feature_flag" "terraform" {
  # ...
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) The [personal access token](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/home/account-security/api-access-tokens#personal-tokens) or [service token](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/home/account-security/api-access-tokens#service-tokens) used to authenticate with LaunchDarkly. You can also set this with the `LAUNCHDARKLY_ACCESS_TOKEN` environment variable. You must provide either `access_token` or `oauth_token`.
- `api_host` (String) The LaunchDarkly host address. If this argument is not specified, the default host address is `https://app.launchdarkly.com`
- `http_timeout` (Number) The HTTP timeout (in seconds) when making API calls to LaunchDarkly.
- `oauth_token` (String) An OAuth V2 token you use to authenticate with LaunchDarkly. You can also set this with the `LAUNCHDARKLY_OAUTH_TOKEN` environment variable. You must provide either `access_token` or `oauth_token`.
