---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "launchdarkly_access_token Resource - launchdarkly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a LaunchDarkly access token resource.
  This resource allows you to create and manage access tokens within your LaunchDarkly organization.
  -> Note: This resource will store the full plaintext secret for your access token in Terraform state. Be sure your state is configured securely before using this resource. See https://www.terraform.io/docs/state/sensitive-data.html for more details.
  The resource must contain either a "role", "custom_role" or an "inline_roles" (previously "policy_statements") block. As of v1.7.0, "policy_statements" has been deprecated in favor of "inline_roles".
---

# launchdarkly_access_token (Resource)

Provides a LaunchDarkly access token resource.

This resource allows you to create and manage access tokens within your LaunchDarkly organization.

-> **Note:** This resource will store the full plaintext secret for your access token in Terraform state. Be sure your state is configured securely before using this resource. See https://www.terraform.io/docs/state/sensitive-data.html for more details.

The resource must contain either a "role", "custom_role" or an "inline_roles" (previously "policy_statements") block. As of v1.7.0, "policy_statements" has been deprecated in favor of "inline_roles".

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "launchdarkly_access_token" "reader_token" {
  name = "Reader token managed by Terraform"
  role = "reader"
}

# With a custom role
resource "launchdarkly_access_token" "custom_role_token" {
  name         = "DevOps"
  custom_roles = ["ops"]
}

# With an inline custom role (policy statements)
resource "launchdarkly_access_token" "token_with_policy_statements" {
  name = "Integration service token"
  inline_roles {
    actions   = ["*"]
    effect    = "deny"
    resources = ["proj/*:env/production"]
  }
  service_token = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `custom_roles` (Set of String) A list of custom role IDs to use as access limits for the access token.
- `default_api_version` (Number) The default API version for this token. Defaults to the latest API version. A change in this field will force the destruction of the existing resource and the creation of a new one.
- `expire` (Number, Deprecated) An expiration time for the current token secret, expressed as a Unix epoch time. Replace the computed token secret with a new value. The expired secret will no longer be able to authorize usage of the LaunchDarkly API. This field argument is **deprecated**. Please update your config to remove `expire` to maintain compatibility with future versions
- `inline_roles` (Block List) Define inline custom roles. An array of statements represented as config blocks with three attributes: effect, resources, actions. May be used in place of a built-in or custom role. [Using polices](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/home/members/role-policies). May be specified more than once. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--inline_roles))
- `name` (String) A human-friendly name for the access token.
- `policy_statements` (Block List, Deprecated) Define inline custom roles. An array of statements represented as config blocks with three attributes: effect, resources, actions. May be used in place of a built-in or custom role. May be specified more than once. This field argument is **deprecated**. Update your config to use `inline_role` to maintain compatibility with future versions. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--policy_statements))
- `role` (String) A built-in LaunchDarkly role. Can be `reader`, `writer`, or `admin`
- `service_token` (Boolean) Whether the token will be a [service token](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/home/account-security/api-access-tokens#service-tokens). A change in this field will force the destruction of the existing resource and the creation of a new one.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) The access token used to authorize usage of the LaunchDarkly API.

<a id="nestedblock--inline_roles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `inline_roles`

Required:

- `effect` (String) Either `allow` or `deny`. This argument defines whether the statement allows or denies access to the named resources and actions.

Optional:

- `actions` (List of String) The list of action specifiers defining the actions to which the statement applies.
Either `actions` or `not_actions` must be specified. For a list of available actions read [Actions reference](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/home/account-security/custom-roles/actions#actions-reference).
- `not_actions` (List of String) The list of action specifiers defining the actions to which the statement does not apply.
- `not_resources` (List of String) The list of resource specifiers defining the resources to which the statement does not apply.
- `resources` (List of String) The list of resource specifiers defining the resources to which the statement applies.


<a id="nestedblock--policy_statements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy_statements`

Required:

- `effect` (String) Either `allow` or `deny`. This argument defines whether the statement allows or denies access to the named resources and actions.

Optional:

- `actions` (List of String) The list of action specifiers defining the actions to which the statement applies.
Either `actions` or `not_actions` must be specified. For a list of available actions read [Actions reference](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/home/account-security/custom-roles/actions#actions-reference).
- `not_actions` (List of String) The list of action specifiers defining the actions to which the statement does not apply.
- `not_resources` (List of String) The list of resource specifiers defining the resources to which the statement does not apply.
- `resources` (List of String) The list of resource specifiers defining the resources to which the statement applies.
