---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "launchdarkly_ai_config Resource - launchdarkly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a LaunchDarkly AI config resource.
  This resource allows you to create and manage AI configurations within your LaunchDarkly project.
---

# launchdarkly_ai_config (Resource)

Provides a LaunchDarkly AI config resource.

This resource allows you to create and manage AI configurations within your LaunchDarkly project.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `key` (String) The AI config's unique key. A change in this field will force the destruction of the existing resource and the creation of a new one.
- `name` (String) The AI config's human-readable name.
- `project_key` (String) The project key. A change in this field will force the destruction of the existing resource and the creation of a new one.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The AI config's description.
- `evaluation_metric_key` (String) The key of the evaluation metric associated with this AI config.
- `is_inverted` (Boolean) Whether the evaluation metric is inverted.
- `maintainer_id` (String) The member ID of the maintainer for this AI config. Conflicts with `maintainer_team_key`.
- `maintainer_team_key` (String) The team key of the maintainer team for this AI config. Conflicts with `maintainer_id`.
- `mode` (String) The AI config's mode. Must be either `completion` or `agent`. Defaults to `completion`. A change in this field will force the destruction of the existing resource and the creation of a new one.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags associated with your resource.

### Read-Only

- `creation_date` (Number) A timestamp of when the AI config was created.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `variations` (List of Object) A list of variation summaries for this AI config. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--variations))
- `version` (Number) The version of the AI config.

<a id="nestedatt--variations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `variations`

Read-Only:

- `key` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `variation_id` (String)
