docs/resources/audit_log_subscription.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "launchdarkly_audit_log_subscription Resource - launchdarkly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a LaunchDarkly audit log subscription resource.
  This resource allows you to create and manage LaunchDarkly audit log subscriptions.
---

# launchdarkly_audit_log_subscription (Resource)

Provides a LaunchDarkly audit log subscription resource.

This resource allows you to create and manage LaunchDarkly audit log subscriptions.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "launchdarkly_audit_log_subscription" "example" {
  integration_key = "datadog"
  name            = "Example Datadog Subscription"
  config {
    api_key  = "yoursecretkey"
    host_url = "https://api.datadoghq.com"
  }
  tags = [
    "integrations",
    "terraform"
  ]
  statements {
    actions   = ["*"]
    effect    = "allow"
    resources = ["proj/*:env/*:flag/*"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Map of String) The set of configuration fields corresponding to the value defined for `integration_key`. Refer to the `formVariables` field in the corresponding `integrations/<integration_key>/manifest.json` file in [this repo](https://github.com/launchdarkly/integration-framework/tree/master/integrations) for a full list of fields for the integration you wish to configure. **IMPORTANT**: Please note that Terraform will only accept these in snake case, regardless of the case shown in the manifest.
- `integration_key` (String) The integration key. Supported integration keys are `slack`. A change in this field will force the destruction of the existing resource and the creation of a new one.
- `name` (String) A human-friendly name for your audit log subscription viewable from within the LaunchDarkly Integrations page.
- `on` (Boolean) Whether or not you want your subscription enabled, i.e. to actively send events.
- `statements` (Block List, Min: 1) A block representing the resources to which you wish to subscribe. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--statements))

### Optional

- `tags` (Set of String) Tags associated with your resource.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--statements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `statements`

Required:

- `effect` (String) Either `allow` or `deny`. This argument defines whether the statement allows or denies access to the named resources and actions.

Optional:

- `actions` (List of String) The list of action specifiers defining the actions to which the statement applies.
Either `actions` or `not_actions` must be specified. For a list of available actions read [Actions reference](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/home/account-security/custom-roles/actions#actions-reference).
- `not_actions` (List of String) The list of action specifiers defining the actions to which the statement does not apply.
- `not_resources` (List of String) The list of resource specifiers defining the resources to which the statement does not apply.
- `resources` (List of String) The list of resource specifiers defining the resources to which the statement applies.

Commit message:

docs: regenerate integration docs with full integration lists
Regenerate audit_log_subscription and flag_trigger documentation to include the full list of supported integrations from integration_configs_generated.go. This fixes the CI generate check failure.

Changes:
- audit_log_subscription: Update to list all supported integrations (chronosphere, cloudtrail, datadog, dynatrace, etc.)
- flag_trigger: Update to list all supported integrations (generic-trigger, datadog, dynatrace, honeycomb, etc.)

Link to Devin run: https://app.devin.ai/sessions/4ce205546ce54b55a0c511fed243dc6d
Requested by: traci@launchdarkly.com (@tracisiebel)

Co-Authored-By: traci@launchdarkly.com <traci@launchdarkly.com>

docs/resources/audit_log_subscription.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "launchdarkly_audit_log_subscription Resource - launchdarkly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a LaunchDarkly audit log subscription resource.
  This resource allows you to create and manage LaunchDarkly audit log subscriptions.
---

# launchdarkly_audit_log_subscription (Resource)

Provides a LaunchDarkly audit log subscription resource.

This resource allows you to create and manage LaunchDarkly audit log subscriptions.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "launchdarkly_audit_log_subscription" "example" {
  integration_key = "datadog"
  name            = "Example Datadog Subscription"
  config {
    api_key  = "yoursecretkey"
    host_url = "https://api.datadoghq.com"
  }
  tags = [
    "integrations",
    "terraform"
  ]
  statements {
    actions   = ["*"]
    effect    = "allow"
    resources = ["proj/*:env/*:flag/*"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `config` (Map of String) The set of configuration fields corresponding to the value defined for `integration_key`. Refer to the `formVariables` field in the corresponding `integrations/<integration_key>/manifest.json` file in [this repo](https://github.com/launchdarkly/integration-framework/tree/master/integrations) for a full list of fields for the integration you wish to configure. **IMPORTANT**: Please note that Terraform will only accept these in snake case, regardless of the case shown in the manifest.
- `integration_key` (String) The integration key. Supported integration keys are `chronosphere`, `cloudtrail`, `datadog`, `dynatrace`, `dynatrace-v2`, `elastic`, `grafana`, `honeycomb`, `kosli`, `last9`, `logdna`, `msteams`, `new-relic-apm`, `pagerduty`, `signalfx`, `slack`, and `splunk`. A change in this field will force the destruction of the existing resource and the creation of a new one.
- `name` (String) A human-friendly name for your audit log subscription viewable from within the LaunchDarkly Integrations page.
- `on` (Boolean) Whether or not you want your subscription enabled, i.e. to actively send events.
- `statements` (Block List, Min: 1) A block representing the resources to which you wish to subscribe. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--statements))

### Optional

- `tags` (Set of String) Tags associated with your resource.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--statements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `statements`

Required:

- `effect` (String) Either `allow` or `deny`. This argument defines whether the statement allows or denies access to the named resources and actions.

Optional:

- `actions` (List of String) The list of action specifiers defining the actions to which the statement applies.
Either `actions` or `not_actions` must be specified. For a list of available actions read [Actions reference](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/home/account-security/custom-roles/actions#actions-reference).
- `not_actions` (List of String) The list of action specifiers defining the actions to which the statement does not apply.
- `not_resources` (List of String) The list of resource specifiers defining the resources to which the statement does not apply.
- `resources` (List of String) The list of resource specifiers defining the resources to which the statement applies.
