docs/resources/environment.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "launchdarkly_environment Resource - launchdarkly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a LaunchDarkly environment resource.
  This resource allows you to create and manage environments in your LaunchDarkly organization. This resource should not be used if the encapsulated project is also managed via Terraform. In this case, you should always use the nested environments config blocks on your launchdarkly_project resource to manage your environments.
  -> Note: Mixing the use of nested environments blocks in the [launchdarkly_project] resource and launchdarkly_environment resources is not recommended.
---

# launchdarkly_environment (Resource)

Provides a LaunchDarkly environment resource.

This resource allows you to create and manage environments in your LaunchDarkly organization. This resource should _not_ be used if the encapsulated project is also managed via Terraform. In this case, you should _always_ use the nested environments config blocks on your `launchdarkly_project` resource to manage your environments.

-> **Note:** Mixing the use of nested `environments` blocks in the [`launchdarkly_project`] resource and `launchdarkly_environment` resources is not recommended.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "launchdarkly_environment" "staging" {
  name  = "Staging"
  key   = "staging"
  color = "ff00ff"
  tags  = ["terraform", "staging"]

  project_key = launchdarkly_project.example.key
}

resource "launchdarkly_environment" "approvals_example" {
  name  = "Approvals Example Environment"
  key   = "approvals-example"
  color = "ff00ff"
  tags  = ["terraform", "staging"]

  approval_settings {
    required                   = true
    can_review_own_request     = true
    min_num_approvals          = 2
    can_apply_declined_changes = true
  }

  project_key = launchdarkly_project.example.key
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `color` (String) The color swatch as an RGB hex value with no leading `#`. For example: `000000`
- `key` (String) The project-unique key for the environment. A change in this field will force the destruction of the existing resource and the creation of a new one.
- `name` (String) The name of the environment.
- `project_key` (String) The LaunchDarkly project key. A change in this field will force the destruction of the existing resource and the creation of a new one.

### Optional

- `approval_settings` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--approval_settings))
- `confirm_changes` (Boolean) Set to `true` if this environment requires confirmation for flag and segment changes. This field will default to `false` when not set.
- `critical` (Boolean) Denotes whether the environment is critical.
- `default_track_events` (Boolean) Set to `true` to enable data export for every flag created in this environment after you configure this argument. This field will default to `false` when not set. To learn more, read [Data Export](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/home/data-export).
- `default_ttl` (Number) The TTL for the environment. This must be between 0 and 60 minutes. The TTL setting only applies to environments using the PHP SDK. This field will default to `0` when not set. To learn more, read [TTL settings](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/home/organize/environments#ttl-settings).
- `require_comments` (Boolean) Set to `true` if this environment requires comments for flag and segment changes. This field will default to `false` when not set.
- `secure_mode` (Boolean) Set to `true` to ensure a user of the client-side SDK cannot impersonate another user. This field will default to `false` when not set.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags associated with your resource.

### Read-Only

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) The environment's SDK key.
- `client_side_id` (String, Sensitive) The environment's client-side ID.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `mobile_key` (String, Sensitive) The environment's mobile key.

<a id="nestedblock--approval_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `approval_settings`

Optional:

- `auto_apply_approved_changes` (Boolean) Automatically apply changes that have been approved by all reviewers. This field is only applicable for approval service kinds other than `launchdarkly`.
- `can_apply_declined_changes` (Boolean) Set to `true` if changes can be applied as long as the `min_num_approvals` is met, regardless of whether any reviewers have declined a request. Defaults to `true`.
- `can_review_own_request` (Boolean) Set to `true` if requesters can approve or decline their own request. They may always comment. Defaults to `false`.
- `min_num_approvals` (Number) The number of approvals required before an approval request can be applied. This number must be between 1 and 5. Defaults to 1.
- `required` (Boolean) Set to `true` for changes to flags in this environment to require approval. You may only set `required` to true if `required_approval_tags` is not set and vice versa. Defaults to `false`.
- `required_approval_tags` (List of String) An array of tags used to specify which flags with those tags require approval. You may only set `required_approval_tags` if `required` is set to `false` and vice versa.
- `service_config` (Map of String) The configuration for the service associated with this approval. This is specific to each approval service. For a `service_kind` of `servicenow`, the following fields apply:

	 - `template` (String) The sys_id of the Standard Change Request Template in ServiceNow that LaunchDarkly will use when creating the change request.
	 - `detail_column` (String) The name of the ServiceNow Change Request column LaunchDarkly uses to populate detailed approval request information. This is most commonly "justification".
- `service_kind` (String) The kind of service associated with this approval. This determines which platform is used for requesting approval. Valid values are `servicenow`, `launchdarkly`. If you use a value other than `launchdarkly`, you must have already configured the integration in the LaunchDarkly UI or your apply will fail.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import a LaunchDarkly environment using this format: `project_key/environment_key`.
terraform import launchdarkly_environment.staging example-project/staging
```

Commit message:

feat: add validation for approval_settings with non-flag resources
- Add validation that errors when service_kind (non-default) or
  service_config are used with resource_kind segment/aiconfig
- Update schema descriptions to document the constraint
- Add comprehensive test coverage (7 new test functions)
- Update CHANGELOG and migration documentation
- Generate updated provider documentation

These fields are only supported for flag approval settings.
Previously they were silently ignored for segment/aiconfig, which
could lead to unexpected behavior.

docs/resources/environment.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "launchdarkly_environment Resource - launchdarkly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a LaunchDarkly environment resource.
  This resource allows you to create and manage environments in your LaunchDarkly organization. This resource should not be used if the encapsulated project is also managed via Terraform. In this case, you should always use the nested environments config blocks on your launchdarkly_project resource to manage your environments.
  -> Note: Mixing the use of nested environments blocks in the [launchdarkly_project] resource and launchdarkly_environment resources is not recommended.
---

# launchdarkly_environment (Resource)

Provides a LaunchDarkly environment resource.

This resource allows you to create and manage environments in your LaunchDarkly organization. This resource should _not_ be used if the encapsulated project is also managed via Terraform. In this case, you should _always_ use the nested environments config blocks on your `launchdarkly_project` resource to manage your environments.

-> **Note:** Mixing the use of nested `environments` blocks in the [`launchdarkly_project`] resource and `launchdarkly_environment` resources is not recommended.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "launchdarkly_environment" "staging" {
  name  = "Staging"
  key   = "staging"
  color = "ff00ff"
  tags  = ["terraform", "staging"]

  project_key = launchdarkly_project.example.key
}

resource "launchdarkly_environment" "approvals_example" {
  name  = "Approvals Example Environment"
  key   = "approvals-example"
  color = "ff00ff"
  tags  = ["terraform", "staging"]

  approval_settings {
    required                   = true
    can_review_own_request     = true
    min_num_approvals          = 2
    can_apply_declined_changes = true
  }

  project_key = launchdarkly_project.example.key
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `color` (String) The color swatch as an RGB hex value with no leading `#`. For example: `000000`
- `key` (String) The project-unique key for the environment. A change in this field will force the destruction of the existing resource and the creation of a new one.
- `name` (String) The name of the environment.
- `project_key` (String) The LaunchDarkly project key. A change in this field will force the destruction of the existing resource and the creation of a new one.

### Optional

- `approval_settings` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--approval_settings))
- `confirm_changes` (Boolean) Set to `true` if this environment requires confirmation for flag and segment changes. This field will default to `false` when not set.
- `critical` (Boolean) Denotes whether the environment is critical.
- `default_track_events` (Boolean) Set to `true` to enable data export for every flag created in this environment after you configure this argument. This field will default to `false` when not set. To learn more, read [Data Export](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/home/data-export).
- `default_ttl` (Number) The TTL for the environment. This must be between 0 and 60 minutes. The TTL setting only applies to environments using the PHP SDK. This field will default to `0` when not set. To learn more, read [TTL settings](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/home/organize/environments#ttl-settings).
- `require_comments` (Boolean) Set to `true` if this environment requires comments for flag and segment changes. This field will default to `false` when not set.
- `secure_mode` (Boolean) Set to `true` to ensure a user of the client-side SDK cannot impersonate another user. This field will default to `false` when not set.
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags associated with your resource.

### Read-Only

- `api_key` (String, Sensitive) The environment's SDK key.
- `client_side_id` (String, Sensitive) The environment's client-side ID.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `mobile_key` (String, Sensitive) The environment's mobile key.

<a id="nestedblock--approval_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `approval_settings`

Optional:

- `auto_apply_approved_changes` (Boolean) Automatically apply changes that have been approved by all reviewers. **Note:** This field is only supported for `resource_kind = "flag"` and is only applicable for approval service kinds other than `launchdarkly`.
- `can_apply_declined_changes` (Boolean) Set to `true` if changes can be applied as long as the `min_num_approvals` is met, regardless of whether any reviewers have declined a request. Defaults to `true`.
- `can_review_own_request` (Boolean) Set to `true` if requesters can approve or decline their own request. They may always comment. Defaults to `false`.
- `min_num_approvals` (Number) The number of approvals required before an approval request can be applied. This number must be between 1 and 5. Defaults to 1.
- `required` (Boolean) Set to `true` for changes to resources of this kind in this environment to require approval. You may only set `required` to true if `required_approval_tags` is not set and vice versa. Defaults to `false`.
- `required_approval_tags` (List of String) An array of tags used to specify which flags with those tags require approval. You may only set `required_approval_tags` if `required` is set to `false` and vice versa.
- `resource_kind` (String) The kind of resource for which approval settings should apply. Valid values are `flag`, `segment`, and `aiconfig`. Defaults to `flag`.
- `service_config` (Map of String) The configuration for the service associated with this approval. **Note:** This field is only supported for `resource_kind = "flag"`. Using this field with `resource_kind = "segment"` or `resource_kind = "aiconfig"` will result in an error. For a `service_kind` of `servicenow`, the following fields apply:

	 - `template` (String) The sys_id of the Standard Change Request Template in ServiceNow that LaunchDarkly will use when creating the change request.
	 - `detail_column` (String) The name of the ServiceNow Change Request column LaunchDarkly uses to populate detailed approval request information. This is most commonly "justification".
- `service_kind` (String) The kind of service associated with this approval. This determines which platform is used for requesting approval. Valid values are `servicenow`, `launchdarkly`. **Note:** This field is only supported for `resource_kind = "flag"`. Using this field with `resource_kind = "segment"` or `resource_kind = "aiconfig"` will result in an error. If you use a value other than `launchdarkly`, you must have already configured the integration in the LaunchDarkly UI or your apply will fail.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# Import a LaunchDarkly environment using this format: `project_key/environment_key`.
terraform import launchdarkly_environment.staging example-project/staging
```
