---
page_title: "launchdarkly_relay_proxy_configuration Resource - launchdarkly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a LaunchDarkly Relay Proxy configuration resource.
---

# launchdarkly_relay_proxy_configuration (Resource)

Provides a LaunchDarkly Relay Proxy configuration resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "launchdarkly_relay_proxy_configuration" "example" {
  name = "example-config"
  policy {
    actions   = ["*"]
    effect    = "allow"
    resources = ["proj/*:env/*"]
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The human-readable name for your Relay Proxy configuration.

### Optional

- `policy` (Block List) Rule policy block determining what content the Relay Proxy receives. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--policy))

### Read-Only

- `display_key` (String) The last 4 characters of the unique key.
- `full_key` (String, Sensitive) The Relay Proxy configuration's unique key. Only exposed upon creation; not available on import.
- `id` (String) The Relay Proxy configuration's unique ID.

<a id="nestedblock--policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `policy`

Required:

- `effect` (String) Either `allow` or `deny`.

Optional:

- `actions` (List of String) The list of actions the statement applies to.
- `not_actions` (List of String) The list of actions the statement does not apply to.
- `not_resources` (List of String) The list of resource specifiers the statement does not apply to.
- `resources` (List of String) The list of resource specifiers the statement applies to.

## Import

Relay Proxy configurations can be imported using the configuration's unique 24 character ID, e.g.

```sh
terraform import launchdarkly_relay_proxy_configuration.example 51d440e30c9ff61457c710f6
```

The unique relay proxy ID can be found in the relay proxy edit page URL, which you can locate by clicking the three dot menu on your relay proxy item in the UI and selecting 'Edit configuration':

```
https://app.launchdarkly.com/settings/relay/THIS_IS_YOUR_RELAY_PROXY_ID/edit
```
