---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "launchdarkly_segment Resource - launchdarkly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a LaunchDarkly segment resource.
  This resource allows you to create and manage segments within your LaunchDarkly organization.
---

# launchdarkly_segment (Resource)

Provides a LaunchDarkly segment resource.

This resource allows you to create and manage segments within your LaunchDarkly organization.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "launchdarkly_segment" "example" {
  key         = "example-segment-key"
  project_key = launchdarkly_project.example.key
  env_key     = launchdarkly_environment.example.key
  name        = "example segment"
  description = "This segment is managed by Terraform"
  tags        = ["segment-tag-1", "segment-tag-2"]
  included    = ["user1", "user2"]
  excluded    = ["user3", "user4"]
  included_contexts {
    values       = ["account1", "account2"]
    context_kind = "account"
  }

  rules {
    clauses {
      attribute    = "country"
      op           = "startsWith"
      values       = ["en", "de", "un"]
      negate       = false
      context_kind = "location-data"
    }
  }
}

resource "launchdarkly_segment" "big-example" {
  key                    = "example-big-segment-key"
  project_key            = launchdarkly_project.example.key
  env_key                = launchdarkly_environment.example.key
  name                   = "example big segment"
  description            = "This big segment is managed by Terraform"
  tags                   = ["segment-tag-1", "segment-tag-2"]
  unbounded              = true
  unbounded_context_kind = "user"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `env_key` (String) The segment's environment key. A change in this field will force the destruction of the existing resource and the creation of a new one.
- `key` (String) The unique key that references the segment. A change in this field will force the destruction of the existing resource and the creation of a new one.
- `name` (String) The human-friendly name for the segment.
- `project_key` (String) The segment's project key. A change in this field will force the destruction of the existing resource and the creation of a new one.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the segment's purpose.
- `excluded` (List of String) List of user keys excluded from the segment. To target on other context kinds, use the excluded_contexts block attribute. This attribute is not valid when `unbounded` is set to `true`.
- `excluded_contexts` (Block List) List of non-user target objects excluded from the segment. This attribute is not valid when `unbounded` is set to `true`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--excluded_contexts))
- `included` (List of String) List of user keys included in the segment. To target on other context kinds, use the included_contexts block attribute. This attribute is not valid when `unbounded` is set to `true`.
- `included_contexts` (Block List) List of non-user target objects included in the segment. This attribute is not valid when `unbounded` is set to `true`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--included_contexts))
- `rules` (Block List) List of nested custom rule blocks to apply to the segment. This attribute is not valid when `unbounded` is set to `true`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules))
- `tags` (Set of String) Tags associated with your resource.
- `unbounded` (Boolean) Whether to create a standard segment (`false`) or a Big Segment (`true`). Standard segments include rule-based and smaller list-based segments. Big Segments include larger list-based segments and synced segments. Only use a Big Segment if you need to add more than 15,000 individual targets. It is not possible to manage the list of targeted contexts for Big Segments with Terraform.
- `unbounded_context_kind` (String) For Big Segments, the targeted context kind. If this attribute is not specified it will default to `user`.

### Read-Only

- `creation_date` (Number) The segment's creation date represented as a UNIX epoch timestamp.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--excluded_contexts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `excluded_contexts`

Required:

- `context_kind` (String) The context kind associated with this segment target. To target on user contexts, use the included and excluded attributes.
- `values` (List of String) List of target object keys included in or excluded from the segment.


<a id="nestedblock--included_contexts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `included_contexts`

Required:

- `context_kind` (String) The context kind associated with this segment target. To target on user contexts, use the included and excluded attributes.
- `values` (List of String) List of target object keys included in or excluded from the segment.


<a id="nestedblock--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Optional:

- `bucket_by` (String) The attribute by which to group users together.
- `clauses` (Block List) List of nested blocks specifying the logical clauses to evaluate (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rules--clauses))
- `rollout_context_kind` (String) The context kind associated with this segment rule. This argument is only valid if weight is also specified. If omitted, defaults to 'user'
- `weight` (Number) The integer weight of the rule (between 1 and 100000).

<a id="nestedblock--rules--clauses"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.clauses`

Required:

- `attribute` (String) The user attribute to operate on
- `op` (String) The operator associated with the rule clause. Available options are `in`, `endsWith`, `startsWith`, `matches`, `contains`, `lessThan`, `lessThanOrEqual`, `greaterThanOrEqual`, `before`, `after`, `segmentMatch`, `semVerEqual`, `semVerLessThan`, and `semVerGreaterThan`.
- `values` (List of String) The list of values associated with the rule clause.

Optional:

- `context_kind` (String) The context kind associated with this rule clause. This argument is only valid if `rollout_weights` is also specified. If omitted, defaults to `user`.
- `negate` (Boolean) Whether to negate the rule clause.
- `value_type` (String) The type for each of the clause's values. Available types are `boolean`, `string`, and `number`. If omitted, `value_type` defaults to `string`.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
#LaunchDarkly segments can be imported using the segment's ID in the form `project_key/env_key/segment_key`
terraform import launchdarkly_segment.example example-project/example-environment/example-segment-key
```
