docs/resources/team_member.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "launchdarkly_team_member Resource - launchdarkly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a LaunchDarkly team member resource.
  This resource allows you to create and manage team members within your LaunchDarkly organization.
  -> Note: You can only manage team members with "admin" level personal access tokens. To learn more, read Managing Teams https://docs.launchdarkly.com/home/teams/managing.
---

# launchdarkly_team_member (Resource)

Provides a LaunchDarkly team member resource.

This resource allows you to create and manage team members within your LaunchDarkly organization.

-> **Note:** You can only manage team members with "admin" level personal access tokens. To learn more, read [Managing Teams](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/home/teams/managing).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "launchdarkly_team_member" "example" {
  email      = "example.user@example.com"
  first_name = "Jesse"
  last_name  = "Smith"
  role       = "writer"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `email` (String) The unique email address associated with the team member. A change in this field will force the destruction of the existing resource and the creation of a new one.

### Optional

- `custom_roles` (Set of String) The list of custom roles keys associated with the team member. Custom roles are only available to customers on an Enterprise plan. To learn more, [read about our pricing](https://launchdarkly.com/pricing/). To upgrade your plan, [contact LaunchDarkly Sales](https://launchdarkly.com/contact-sales/).

-> **Note:** each `launchdarkly_team_member` must have either a `role` or `custom_roles` argument.
- `first_name` (String) The team member's given name. Once created, this cannot be updated except by the team member.
- `last_name` (String) TThe team member's family name. Once created, this cannot be updated except by the team member.
- `role` (String) The role associated with team member. Supported roles are `reader`, `writer`, `no_access`, or `admin`. If you don't specify a role, `reader` is assigned by default.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The 24 character alphanumeric ID of the team member.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# LaunchDarkly team members can be imported using the team member's 24 character ID.
terraform import launchdarkly_team_member.example 5f05565b48be0b441fb63020
```

Commit message:

define role attribute schema and add to member resource

docs/resources/team_member.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "launchdarkly_team_member Resource - launchdarkly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a LaunchDarkly team member resource.
  This resource allows you to create and manage team members within your LaunchDarkly organization.
  -> Note: You can only manage team members with "admin" level personal access tokens. To learn more, read Managing Teams https://docs.launchdarkly.com/home/teams/managing.
---

# launchdarkly_team_member (Resource)

Provides a LaunchDarkly team member resource.

This resource allows you to create and manage team members within your LaunchDarkly organization.

-> **Note:** You can only manage team members with "admin" level personal access tokens. To learn more, read [Managing Teams](https://docs.launchdarkly.com/home/teams/managing).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "launchdarkly_team_member" "example" {
  email      = "example.user@example.com"
  first_name = "Jesse"
  last_name  = "Smith"
  role       = "writer"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `email` (String) The unique email address associated with the team member. A change in this field will force the destruction of the existing resource and the creation of a new one.

### Optional

- `custom_roles` (Set of String) The list of custom roles keys associated with the team member. Custom roles are only available to customers on an Enterprise plan. To learn more, [read about our pricing](https://launchdarkly.com/pricing/). To upgrade your plan, [contact LaunchDarkly Sales](https://launchdarkly.com/contact-sales/).

-> **Note:** each `launchdarkly_team_member` must have either a `role` or `custom_roles` argument.
- `first_name` (String) The team member's given name. Once created, this cannot be updated except by the team member.
- `last_name` (String) TThe team member's family name. Once created, this cannot be updated except by the team member.
- `role` (String) The role associated with team member. Supported roles are `reader`, `writer`, `no_access`, or `admin`. If you don't specify a role, `reader` is assigned by default.
- `role_attributes` (Map of String) A map of role attributes. The key is the role attribute key and the value is a string array of resource keys that apply.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The 24 character alphanumeric ID of the team member.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
# LaunchDarkly team members can be imported using the team member's 24 character ID.
terraform import launchdarkly_team_member.example 5f05565b48be0b441fb63020
```
