docs/resources/view_filter_links.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "launchdarkly_view_filter_links Resource - launchdarkly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a LaunchDarkly view filter links resource for linking resources to views using filter expressions.
  This resource allows you to link all flags and/or segments matching a filter expression to a specific view. The filter is resolved at apply time — the backend finds all resources matching the filter and links them to the view.
  -> Note: Filter-based links are point-in-time. The filter is resolved when terraform apply runs. Resources created or tagged after the apply will not be automatically linked. Run terraform apply again to pick up new matches.
  When to use which resource
  view_links: You know the exact flag/segment keys to link. Terraform tracks the explicit list and detects drift if links are removed externally.view_filter_links (this resource): You want to link all resources matching a dynamic query (e.g. all flags tagged "frontend"). No drift detection on resolved keys — only changes to the filter string itself trigger updates.view_keys on individual resources: Each flag/segment declares its own view membership. Best for modular Terraform structures.
  -> Warning: Do not use view_filter_links and view_links targeting the same view and resource type, as conflicts may cause unexpected behavior.
---

# launchdarkly_view_filter_links (Resource)

Provides a LaunchDarkly view filter links resource for linking resources to views using filter expressions.

This resource allows you to link all flags and/or segments matching a filter expression to a specific view. The filter is resolved at apply time — the backend finds all resources matching the filter and links them to the view.

-> **Note:** Filter-based links are point-in-time. The filter is resolved when `terraform apply` runs. Resources created or tagged after the apply will not be automatically linked. Run `terraform apply` again to pick up new matches.

## When to use which resource

- **`view_links`**: You know the exact flag/segment keys to link. Terraform tracks the explicit list and detects drift if links are removed externally.
- **`view_filter_links` (this resource)**: You want to link all resources matching a dynamic query (e.g. all flags tagged "frontend"). No drift detection on resolved keys — only changes to the filter string itself trigger updates.
- **`view_keys` on individual resources**: Each flag/segment declares its own view membership. Best for modular Terraform structures.

-> **Warning:** Do not use `view_filter_links` and `view_links` targeting the same view and resource type, as conflicts may cause unexpected behavior.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Link all flags tagged "frontend" to a view
resource "launchdarkly_view_filter_links" "frontend_flags" {
  project_key = "my-project"
  view_key    = "frontend-team"
  flag_filter = "tags:frontend"
}

# Link both flags and segments matching a tag
resource "launchdarkly_view_filter_links" "platform_resources" {
  project_key                   = "my-project"
  view_key                      = "platform-team"
  flag_filter                   = "tags:platform"
  segment_filter                = "tags:platform"
  segment_filter_environment_id = launchdarkly_project.my_project.environments[0].client_side_id
}

# Link only segments matching a filter
resource "launchdarkly_view_filter_links" "beta_segments" {
  project_key                   = "my-project"
  view_key                      = "beta-program"
  segment_filter                = "tags:beta"
  segment_filter_environment_id = launchdarkly_project.my_project.environments[0].client_side_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project_key` (String) The project key. A change in this field will force the destruction of the existing resource and the creation of a new one.
- `view_key` (String) The view key to link resources to. A change in this field will force the destruction of the existing resource and the creation of a new one.

### Optional

- `flag_filter` (String) A filter expression to match feature flags for linking to the view. Uses the same filter syntax as the flag list API endpoint (e.g. `tags:frontend`, `status:active`).
- `segment_filter` (String) A filter expression to match segments for linking to the view. Uses the segment query filter syntax (e.g. `tags anyOf ["backend"]`, `query = "my-segment"`, `unbounded = true`). Requires `segment_filter_environment_id` to be set.
- `segment_filter_environment_id` (String) The environment ID to use when resolving segment filters. Required when `segment_filter` is set. This is the environment's opaque ID (e.g. from `launchdarkly_project.environments[*].client_side_id`).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `resolved_at` (String) Timestamp of the last filter resolution. This value changes on every apply, ensuring linked resources stay in sync with the filter.

Commit message:

update always update behaviour to be settings gated

docs/resources/view_filter_links.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "launchdarkly_view_filter_links Resource - launchdarkly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a LaunchDarkly view filter links resource for linking resources to views using filter expressions.
  This resource allows you to link all flags and/or segments matching a filter expression to a specific view. The filter is resolved at apply time — the backend finds all resources matching the filter and links them to the view.
  -> Note: Filter-based links are point-in-time. By default, filters are resolved only when this resource is created or updated (for example, when flag_filter changes). Set reconcile_on_apply = true to force re-resolution on every terraform apply.
  When to use which resource
  view_links: You know the exact flag/segment keys to link. Terraform tracks the explicit list and detects drift if links are removed externally.view_filter_links (this resource): You want to link all resources matching a dynamic query (e.g. all flags tagged "frontend"). No drift detection on resolved keys. By default, only resource argument changes trigger updates; set reconcile_on_apply to refresh links every apply.view_keys on individual resources: Each flag/segment declares its own view membership. Best for modular Terraform structures.
  -> Warning: Do not use view_filter_links and view_links targeting the same view and resource type, as conflicts may cause unexpected behavior.
---

# launchdarkly_view_filter_links (Resource)

Provides a LaunchDarkly view filter links resource for linking resources to views using filter expressions.

This resource allows you to link all flags and/or segments matching a filter expression to a specific view. The filter is resolved at apply time — the backend finds all resources matching the filter and links them to the view.

-> **Note:** Filter-based links are point-in-time. By default, filters are resolved only when this resource is created or updated (for example, when `flag_filter` changes). Set `reconcile_on_apply = true` to force re-resolution on every `terraform apply`.

## When to use which resource

- **`view_links`**: You know the exact flag/segment keys to link. Terraform tracks the explicit list and detects drift if links are removed externally.
- **`view_filter_links` (this resource)**: You want to link all resources matching a dynamic query (e.g. all flags tagged "frontend"). No drift detection on resolved keys. By default, only resource argument changes trigger updates; set `reconcile_on_apply` to refresh links every apply.
- **`view_keys` on individual resources**: Each flag/segment declares its own view membership. Best for modular Terraform structures.

-> **Warning:** Do not use `view_filter_links` and `view_links` targeting the same view and resource type, as conflicts may cause unexpected behavior.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Link all flags tagged "frontend" to a view
resource "launchdarkly_view_filter_links" "frontend_flags" {
  project_key = "my-project"
  view_key    = "frontend-team"
  flag_filter = "tags:frontend"
}

# Link both flags and segments matching a tag
resource "launchdarkly_view_filter_links" "platform_resources" {
  project_key                   = "my-project"
  view_key                      = "platform-team"
  flag_filter                   = "tags:platform"
  segment_filter                = "tags:platform"
  segment_filter_environment_id = launchdarkly_project.my_project.environments[0].client_side_id
}

# Link only segments matching a filter
resource "launchdarkly_view_filter_links" "beta_segments" {
  project_key                   = "my-project"
  view_key                      = "beta-program"
  segment_filter                = "tags:beta"
  segment_filter_environment_id = launchdarkly_project.my_project.environments[0].client_side_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project_key` (String) The project key. A change in this field will force the destruction of the existing resource and the creation of a new one.
- `view_key` (String) The view key to link resources to. A change in this field will force the destruction of the existing resource and the creation of a new one.

### Optional

- `flag_filter` (String) A filter expression to match feature flags for linking to the view. Uses the same filter syntax as the flag list API endpoint (e.g. `tags:frontend`, `status:active`).
- `reconcile_on_apply` (Boolean) Whether to re-resolve configured filters on every `terraform apply` even when no resource arguments changed. When true, Terraform will show an in-place update on each apply and `resolved_at` will change every run.
- `segment_filter` (String) A filter expression to match segments for linking to the view. Uses the segment query filter syntax (e.g. `tags anyOf ["backend"]`, `query = "my-segment"`, `unbounded = true`). Requires `segment_filter_environment_id` to be set.
- `segment_filter_environment_id` (String) The environment ID to use when resolving segment filters. Required when `segment_filter` is set. This is the environment's opaque ID (e.g. from `launchdarkly_project.environments[*].client_side_id`).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `resolved_at` (String) Timestamp of the last successful filter resolution. This value updates when the resource is created or updated, and on every apply when `reconcile_on_apply` is true.
