docs/resources/view_links.md, before:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "launchdarkly_view_links Resource - launchdarkly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a LaunchDarkly view links resource for managing bulk resource linkage to views.
  This resource allows you to efficiently link multiple flags and/or segments to a specific view. This is particularly useful for administrators organizing resources by team or deployment unit.
  -> Note: This resource manages ALL links for the specified resource types within a view. Adding or removing items from the configuration will link or unlink those resources accordingly.
---

# launchdarkly_view_links (Resource)

Provides a LaunchDarkly view links resource for managing bulk resource linkage to views.

This resource allows you to efficiently link multiple flags and/or segments to a specific view. This is particularly useful for administrators organizing resources by team or deployment unit.

-> **Note:** This resource manages ALL links for the specified resource types within a view. Adding or removing items from the configuration will link or unlink those resources accordingly.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Example: Frontend team view with bulk flag and segment assignments
resource "launchdarkly_view_links" "frontend_team" {
  project_key = "my-project"
  view_key    = "frontend-team"

  # Bulk link multiple flags efficiently - supports 100s of flags
  flags = [
    "feature-login",
    "feature-dashboard",
    "feature-payments",
    "feature-checkout",
    "feature-profile",
    "feature-notifications",
    "feature-search",
    "feature-filters",
    "feature-analytics",
    "feature-dark-mode",
    # ... can easily scale to 100+ flags
  ]

  # Link segments relevant to this team's view
  segments {
    environment_id = "507f1f77bcf86cd799439011"
    segment_key    = "frontend-beta-users"
  }

  segments {
    environment_id = "507f1f77bcf86cd799439011"
    segment_key    = "premium-customers"
  }
}

# Example: Mobile team view with different flags
resource "launchdarkly_view_links" "mobile_team" {
  project_key = "my-project"
  view_key    = "mobile-team"

  flags = [
    "feature-mobile-login",
    "feature-push-notifications",
    "feature-offline-mode",
    "feature-biometric-auth",
    "feature-mobile-payments",
    "feature-app-rating",
  ]

  comment = "Mobile team specific features"
}

# Example: Shared features across teams
resource "launchdarkly_view_links" "shared_features" {
  project_key = "my-project"
  view_key    = "shared-features"

  flags = [
    "feature-maintenance-mode",
    "feature-emergency-banner",
    "feature-api-throttling",
    "feature-logging-level",
  ]

  comment = "Cross-team shared feature flags"
}

# Demonstrating updates - adding/removing flags and segments from a view
resource "launchdarkly_view_links" "backend_team" {
  project_key = "my-project"
  view_key    = "backend-team"

  flags = [
    "feature-database-migration",
    "feature-cache-optimization",
    "feature-api-versioning",
    # To add a new flag, add it to this list
    # To remove a flag, remove it from this list
    # Terraform will handle the link/unlink operations automatically
  ]

  # Link backend-specific segments across multiple environments
  segments {
    environment_id = "507f1f77bcf86cd799439011"
    segment_key    = "high-volume-api-users"
  }

  segments {
    environment_id = "507f1f77bcf86cd799439022" # Production environment
    segment_key    = "database-migration-pilot"
  }
}

# Example: View with only segments (no flags)
resource "launchdarkly_view_links" "segments_only" {
  project_key = "my-project"
  view_key    = "user-segments-view"

  segments {
    environment_id = "507f1f77bcf86cd799439011"
    segment_key    = "vip-customers"
  }

  segments {
    environment_id = "507f1f77bcf86cd799439011"
    segment_key    = "enterprise-customers"
  }

  segments {
    environment_id = "507f1f77bcf86cd799439011"
    segment_key    = "trial-users"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project_key` (String) The project key. A change in this field will force the destruction of the existing resource and the creation of a new one.
- `view_key` (String) The view key to link resources to. A change in this field will force the destruction of the existing resource and the creation of a new one.

### Optional

- `flags` (Set of String) A set of feature flag keys to link to the view.
- `segments` (Block Set) A set of segments to link to the view. Each segment is identified by its environment ID and segment key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--segments))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--segments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `segments`

Required:

- `environment_id` (String) The environment ID of the segment.
- `segment_key` (String) The key of the segment.

Commit message:

feat(REL-10285): Update provider to support assigning view membership on flag/segment resources directly (#361)
* first pass at supporting alternative flow for view membership management

* add some tests

* add check-destroy for new acceptance tests

* run make generate

* attempt to consolidate linked_views and view_keys

* fix tests

* more test updates

* make generate

* update docs

* clarify conflict behaviour

* pr feedback: make view_keys properly optional

* Revert "pr feedback: make view_keys properly optional"

This reverts commit 60991ff188f3f9dd7c52af2200cc1f19e954a387.

docs/resources/view_links.md, after:

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "launchdarkly_view_links Resource - launchdarkly"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Provides a LaunchDarkly view links resource for managing bulk resource linkage to views.
  This resource allows you to efficiently link multiple flags and/or segments to a specific view. This is particularly useful for administrators organizing resources by team or deployment unit.
  -> Note: This resource manages ALL links for the specified resource types within a view. Adding or removing items from the configuration will link or unlink those resources accordingly.
  Alternative Approach: view_keys on Individual Resources
  For modular Terraform configurations where flags and segments are defined in separate files or modules, you can use the view_keys field directly on the resource instead of using this centralized view_links resource:
  Feature Flags: Use the view_keys attribute on launchdarkly_feature_flag resourcesSegments: Use the view_keys attribute on launchdarkly_segment resources
  When to use view_links (this resource):
  Managing many flags/segments for a single view (bulk operations)Centralized view management across your infrastructureAdministrative view organization
  When to use view_keys on individual resources:
  Modular Terraform structures with separate files per flag/segmentEach team/module manages their own resourcesWant view membership defined alongside the resource
  -> Warning: You cannot use both view_links and view_keys to manage the same flag or segment's view associations. Terraform will return an error if a conflict is detected. Choose one approach per resource.
  See the feature flag resource documentation and segment resource documentation for details on the view_keys attribute.
---

# launchdarkly_view_links (Resource)

Provides a LaunchDarkly view links resource for managing bulk resource linkage to views.

This resource allows you to efficiently link multiple flags and/or segments to a specific view. This is particularly useful for administrators organizing resources by team or deployment unit.

-> **Note:** This resource manages ALL links for the specified resource types within a view. Adding or removing items from the configuration will link or unlink those resources accordingly.

## Alternative Approach: view_keys on Individual Resources

For modular Terraform configurations where flags and segments are defined in separate files or modules, you can use the `view_keys` field directly on the resource instead of using this centralized `view_links` resource:

- **Feature Flags**: Use the `view_keys` attribute on `launchdarkly_feature_flag` resources
- **Segments**: Use the `view_keys` attribute on `launchdarkly_segment` resources

**When to use `view_links` (this resource):**
- Managing many flags/segments for a single view (bulk operations)
- Centralized view management across your infrastructure
- Administrative view organization

**When to use `view_keys` on individual resources:**
- Modular Terraform structures with separate files per flag/segment
- Each team/module manages their own resources
- Want view membership defined alongside the resource

-> **Warning:** You cannot use both `view_links` and `view_keys` to manage the same flag or segment's view associations. Terraform will return an error if a conflict is detected. Choose one approach per resource.

See the feature flag resource documentation and segment resource documentation for details on the `view_keys` attribute.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Example: Frontend team view with bulk flag and segment assignments
resource "launchdarkly_view_links" "frontend_team" {
  project_key = "my-project"
  view_key    = "frontend-team"

  # Bulk link multiple flags efficiently - supports 100s of flags
  flags = [
    "feature-login",
    "feature-dashboard",
    "feature-payments",
    "feature-checkout",
    "feature-profile",
    "feature-notifications",
    "feature-search",
    "feature-filters",
    "feature-analytics",
    "feature-dark-mode",
    # ... can easily scale to 100+ flags
  ]

  # Link segments relevant to this team's view
  segments {
    environment_id = "507f1f77bcf86cd799439011"
    segment_key    = "frontend-beta-users"
  }

  segments {
    environment_id = "507f1f77bcf86cd799439011"
    segment_key    = "premium-customers"
  }
}

# Example: Mobile team view with different flags
resource "launchdarkly_view_links" "mobile_team" {
  project_key = "my-project"
  view_key    = "mobile-team"

  flags = [
    "feature-mobile-login",
    "feature-push-notifications",
    "feature-offline-mode",
    "feature-biometric-auth",
    "feature-mobile-payments",
    "feature-app-rating",
  ]

  comment = "Mobile team specific features"
}

# Example: Shared features across teams
resource "launchdarkly_view_links" "shared_features" {
  project_key = "my-project"
  view_key    = "shared-features"

  flags = [
    "feature-maintenance-mode",
    "feature-emergency-banner",
    "feature-api-throttling",
    "feature-logging-level",
  ]

  comment = "Cross-team shared feature flags"
}

# Demonstrating updates - adding/removing flags and segments from a view
resource "launchdarkly_view_links" "backend_team" {
  project_key = "my-project"
  view_key    = "backend-team"

  flags = [
    "feature-database-migration",
    "feature-cache-optimization",
    "feature-api-versioning",
    # To add a new flag, add it to this list
    # To remove a flag, remove it from this list
    # Terraform will handle the link/unlink operations automatically
  ]

  # Link backend-specific segments across multiple environments
  segments {
    environment_id = "507f1f77bcf86cd799439011"
    segment_key    = "high-volume-api-users"
  }

  segments {
    environment_id = "507f1f77bcf86cd799439022" # Production environment
    segment_key    = "database-migration-pilot"
  }
}

# Example: View with only segments (no flags)
resource "launchdarkly_view_links" "segments_only" {
  project_key = "my-project"
  view_key    = "user-segments-view"

  segments {
    environment_id = "507f1f77bcf86cd799439011"
    segment_key    = "vip-customers"
  }

  segments {
    environment_id = "507f1f77bcf86cd799439011"
    segment_key    = "enterprise-customers"
  }

  segments {
    environment_id = "507f1f77bcf86cd799439011"
    segment_key    = "trial-users"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `project_key` (String) The project key. A change in this field will force the destruction of the existing resource and the creation of a new one.
- `view_key` (String) The view key to link resources to. A change in this field will force the destruction of the existing resource and the creation of a new one.

### Optional

- `flags` (Set of String) A set of feature flag keys to link to the view.
- `segments` (Block Set) A set of segments to link to the view. Each segment is identified by its environment ID and segment key. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--segments))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--segments"></a>
### Nested Schema for `segments`

Required:

- `environment_id` (String) The environment ID of the segment.
- `segment_key` (String) The key of the segment.
